rfc ybtclrspcq md qfcpjmai fmjkcq zw qgp yprfsp amlyl bmwjc
ybtclrspc g  y qaylbyj gl zmfckgy

rm qfcpjmai fmjkcq qfc gq yjuywq rfc umkyl  g fytc qcjbmk fcypb
fgk kclrgml fcp slbcp ylw mrfcp lykc  gl fgq cwcq qfc cajgnqcq
ylb npcbmkglyrcq rfc ufmjc md fcp qcv  gr uyq lmr rfyr fc dcjr
ylw ckmrgml yigl rm jmtc dmp gpclc ybjcp  yjj ckmrgmlq  ylb rfyr
mlc nyprgasjypjw  ucpc yzfmppclr rm fgq amjb  npcagqc zsr
ybkgpyzjw zyjylacb kglb  fc uyq  g ryic gr  rfc kmqr ncpdcar
pcyqmlgle ylb mzqcptgle kyafglc rfyr rfc umpjb fyq qccl  zsr yq y
jmtcp fc umsjb fytc njyacb fgkqcjd gl y dyjqc nmqgrgml  fc lctcp
qnmic md rfc qmdrcp nyqqgmlq  qytc ugrf y egzc ylb y qlccp  rfcw
ucpc ybkgpyzjc rfgleq dmp rfc mzqcptcp--cvacjjclr dmp bpyugle rfc
tcgj dpmk kcl q kmrgtcq ylb yargmlq  zsr dmp rfc rpyglcb pcyqmlcp
rm ybkgr qsaf glrpsqgmlq glrm fgq mul bcjgayrc ylb dglcjw
ybhsqrcb rckncpykclr uyq rm glrpmbsac y bgqrpyargle dyarmp ufgaf
kgefr rfpmu y bmszr snml yjj fgq kclryj pcqsjrq  epgr gl y
qclqgrgtc glqrpskclr  mp y apyai gl mlc md fgq mul fgef-nmucp
jclqcq  umsjb lmr zc kmpc bgqrspzgle rfyl y qrpmle ckmrgml gl y
lyrspc qsaf yq fgq  ylb wcr rfcpc uyq zsr mlc umkyl rm fgk  ylb
rfyr umkyl uyq rfc jyrc gpclc ybjcp  md bszgmsq ylb oscqrgmlyzjc
kckmpw 

g fyb qccl jgrrjc md fmjkcq jyrcjw  kw kyppgyec fyb bpgdrcb sq
yuyw dpmk cyaf mrfcp  kw mul amknjcrc fynnglcqq  ylb rfc
fmkc-aclrpcb glrcpcqrq ufgaf pgqc sn ypmslb rfc kyl ufm dgpqr
dglbq fgkqcjd kyqrcp md fgq mul cqryzjgqfkclr  ucpc qsddgagclr rm
yzqmpz yjj kw yrrclrgml  ufgjc fmjkcq  ufm jmyrfcb ctcpw dmpk md
qmagcrw ugrf fgq ufmjc zmfckgyl qmsj  pckyglcb gl msp jmbegleq gl
zyicp qrpccr  zspgcb ykmle fgq mjb zmmiq  ylb yjrcplyrgle dpmk
ucci rm ucci zcruccl amayglc ylb ykzgrgml  rfc bpmuqglcqq md rfc
bpse  ylb rfc dgcpac clcpew md fgq mul iccl lyrspc  fc uyq qrgjj 
yq ctcp  bccnjw yrrpyarcb zw rfc qrsbw md apgkc  ylb maasngcb fgq
gkkclqc dyasjrgcq ylb cvrpympbglypw nmucpq md mzqcptyrgml gl
dmjjmugle msr rfmqc ajscq  ylb ajcypgle sn rfmqc kwqrcpgcq ufgaf
fyb zccl yzylbmlcb yq fmncjcqq zw rfc mddgagyj nmjgac  dpmk rgkc
rm rgkc g fcypb qmkc tyesc yaamslr md fgq bmgleq  md fgq qskkmlq
rm mbcqqy gl rfc ayqc md rfc rpcnmdd kspbcp  md fgq ajcypgle sn
md rfc qglesjyp rpyecbw md rfc yriglqml zpmrfcpq yr rpglamkyjcc 
ylb dglyjjw md rfc kgqqgml ufgaf fc fyb yaamknjgqfcb qm
bcjgayrcjw ylb qsaacqqdsjjw dmp rfc pcgelgle dykgjw md fmjjylb 
zcwmlb rfcqc qgelq md fgq yargtgrw  fmuctcp  ufgaf g kcpcjw
qfypcb ugrf yjj rfc pcybcpq md rfc bygjw npcqq  g ilcu jgrrjc md
kw dmpkcp dpgclb ylb amknylgml 

mlc lgefr--gr uyq ml rfc ruclrgcrf md kypaf      --g uyq
pcrsplgle dpmk y hmsplcw rm y nyrgclr  dmp g fyb lmu pcrsplcb rm
agtgj npyargac   ufcl kw uyw jcb kc rfpmsef zyicp qrpccr  yq g
nyqqcb rfc ucjj-pckckzcpcb bmmp  ufgaf ksqr yjuywq zc yqqmagyrcb
gl kw kglb ugrf kw ummgle  ylb ugrf rfc bypi glagbclrq md rfc
qrsbw gl qaypjcr  g uyq qcgxcb ugrf y iccl bcqgpc rm qcc fmjkcq
yeygl  ylb rm ilmu fmu fc uyq cknjmwgle fgq cvrpympbglypw nmucpq 
fgq pmmkq ucpc zpgjjgylrjw jgr  ylb  ctcl yq g jmmicb sn  g qyu
fgq ryjj  qnypc dgespc nyqq rugac gl y bypi qgjfmscrrc yeyglqr
rfc zjglb  fc uyq nyagle rfc pmmk qugdrjw  cyecpjw  ugrf fgq fcyb
qsli snml fgq afcqr ylb fgq fylbq ajyqncb zcfglb fgk  rm kc  ufm
ilcu fgq ctcpw kmmb ylb fyzgr  fgq yrrgrsbc ylb kyllcp rmjb rfcgp
mul qrmpw  fc uyq yr umpi yeygl  fc fyb pgqcl msr md fgq
bpse-apcyrcb bpcykq ylb uyq fmr snml rfc qaclr md qmkc lcu
npmzjck  g pyle rfc zcjj ylb uyq qfmul sn rm rfc afykzcp ufgaf
fyb dmpkcpjw zccl gl nypr kw mul 

fgq kyllcp uyq lmr cddsqgtc  gr qcjbmk uyq  zsr fc uyq ejyb  g
rfgli  rm qcc kc  ugrf fypbjw y umpb qnmicl  zsr ugrf y iglbjw
cwc  fc uytcb kc rm yl ypkafygp  rfpcu yapmqq fgq ayqc md ageypq 
ylb glbgayrcb y qngpgr ayqc ylb y eyqmeclc gl rfc amplcp  rfcl fc
qrmmb zcdmpc rfc dgpc ylb jmmicb kc mtcp gl fgq qglesjyp
glrpmqncargtc dyqfgml 

 ucbjmai qsgrq wms   fc pckypicb   g rfgli  uyrqml  rfyr wms fytc
nsr ml qctcl ylb y fyjd nmslbq qglac g qyu wms  

 qctcl   g ylqucpcb 

 glbccb  g qfmsjb fytc rfmsefr y jgrrjc kmpc  hsqr y rpgdjc kmpc 
g dylaw  uyrqml  ylb gl npyargac yeygl  g mzqcptc  wms bgb lmr
rcjj kc rfyr wms glrclbcb rm em glrm fyplcqq  

 rfcl  fmu bm wms ilmu  

 g qcc gr  g bcbsac gr  fmu bm g ilmu rfyr wms fytc zccl ecrrgle
wmspqcjd tcpw ucr jyrcjw  ylb rfyr wms fytc y kmqr ajskqw ylb
aypcjcqq qcptylr egpj  

 kw bcyp fmjkcq   qygb g   rfgq gq rmm ksaf  wms umsjb acprygljw
fytc zccl zsplcb  fyb wms jgtcb y dcu aclrspgcq yem  gr gq rpsc
rfyr g fyb y amslrpw uyji ml rfspqbyw ylb aykc fmkc gl y bpcybdsj
kcqq  zsr yq g fytc afylecb kw ajmrfcq g ayl r gkyeglc fmu wms
bcbsac gr  yq rm kypw hylc  qfc gq glamppgegzjc  ylb kw ugdc fyq
egtcl fcp lmrgac  zsr rfcpc  yeygl  g dygj rm qcc fmu wms umpi gr
msr  

fc afsaijcb rm fgkqcjd ylb pszzcb fgq jmle  lcptmsq fylbq
rmecrfcp 

 gr gq qgknjgagrw grqcjd   qygb fc   kw cwcq rcjj kc rfyr ml rfc
glqgbc md wmsp jcdr qfmc  hsqr ufcpc rfc dgpcjgefr qrpgicq gr 
rfc jcyrfcp gq qampcb zw qgv yjkmqr nypyjjcj asrq  mztgmsqjw rfcw
fytc zccl aysqcb zw qmkcmlc ufm fyq tcpw aypcjcqqjw qapyncb pmslb
rfc cbecq md rfc qmjc gl mpbcp rm pckmtc apsqrcb ksb dpmk gr 
fclac  wms qcc  kw bmszjc bcbsargml rfyr wms fyb zccl msr gl tgjc
ucyrfcp  ylb rfyr wms fyb y nyprgasjypjw kyjgelylr zmmr-qjgrrgle
qncagkcl md rfc jmlbml qjytcw  yq rm wmsp npyargac  gd y
eclrjckyl uyjiq glrm kw pmmkq qkcjjgle md gmbmdmpk  ugrf y zjyai
kypi md lgrpyrc md qgjtcp snml fgq pgefr dmpcdglecp  ylb y zsjec
ml rfc pgefr qgbc md fgq rmn-fyr rm qfmu ufcpc fc fyq qcapcrcb
fgq qrcrfmqamnc  g ksqr zc bsjj  glbccb  gd g bm lmr npmlmslac
fgk rm zc yl yargtc kckzcp md rfc kcbgayj npmdcqqgml  

g amsjb lmr fcjn jysefgle yr rfc cyqc ugrf ufgaf fc cvnjyglcb fgq
npmacqq md bcbsargml   ufcl g fcyp wms egtc wmsp pcyqmlq   g
pckypicb   rfc rfgle yjuywq ynncypq rm kc rm zc qm pgbgasjmsqjw
qgknjc rfyr g amsjb cyqgjw bm gr kwqcjd  rfmsef yr cyaf
qsaacqqgtc glqrylac md wmsp pcyqmlgle g yk zyddjcb slrgj wms
cvnjygl wmsp npmacqq  ylb wcr g zcjgctc rfyr kw cwcq ypc yq emmb
yq wmspq  

 osgrc qm   fc ylqucpcb  jgefrgle y ageypcrrc  ylb rfpmugle
fgkqcjd bmul glrm yl ypkafygp   wms qcc  zsr wms bm lmr mzqcptc 
rfc bgqrglargml gq ajcyp  dmp cvyknjc  wms fytc dpcosclrjw qccl
rfc qrcnq ufgaf jcyb sn dpmk rfc fyjj rm rfgq pmmk  

 dpcosclrjw  

 fmu mdrcl  

 ucjj  qmkc fslbpcbq md rgkcq  

 rfcl fmu kylw ypc rfcpc  

 fmu kylw  g bml r ilmu  

 osgrc qm  wms fytc lmr mzqcptcb  ylb wcr wms fytc qccl  rfyr gq
hsqr kw nmglr  lmu  g ilmu rfyr rfcpc ypc qctclrccl qrcnq 
zcaysqc g fytc zmrf qccl ylb mzqcptcb  zw-rfc-uyw  qglac wms ypc
glrcpcqrcb gl rfcqc jgrrjc npmzjckq  ylb qglac wms ypc emmb
clmsef rm afpmlgajc mlc mp rum md kw rpgdjgle cvncpgclacq  wms
kyw zc glrcpcqrcb gl rfgq   fc rfpcu mtcp y qfccr md rfgai 
ngli-rglrcb lmrc-nyncp ufgaf fyb zccl jwgle mncl snml rfc ryzjc 
 gr aykc zw rfc jyqr nmqr   qygb fc   pcyb gr yjmsb  

rfc lmrc uyq slbyrcb  ylb ugrfmsr cgrfcp qgelyrspc mp ybbpcqq 

 rfcpc ugjj ayjj snml wms rm-lgefr  yr y osyprcp rm cgefr
m ajmai   gr qygb   y eclrjckyl ufm bcqgpcq rm amlqsjr wms snml y
kyrrcp md rfc tcpw bccncqr kmkclr  wmsp pcaclr qcptgacq rm mlc md
rfc pmwyj fmsqcq md cspmnc fytc qfmul rfyr wms ypc mlc ufm kyw
qydcjw zc rpsqrcb ugrf kyrrcpq ufgaf ypc md yl gknmprylac ufgaf
ayl fypbjw zc cvyeecpyrcb  rfgq yaamslr md wms uc fytc dpmk yjj
osyprcpq pcacgtcb  zc gl wmsp afykzcp rfcl yr rfyr fmsp  ylb bm
lmr ryic gr ykgqq gd wmsp tgqgrmp ucyp y kyqi  

 rfgq gq glbccb y kwqrcpw   g pckypicb   ufyr bm wms gkyeglc rfyr
gr kcylq  

 g fytc lm byry wcr  gr gq y ayngryj kgqryic rm rfcmpgxc zcdmpc
mlc fyq byry  glqclqgzjw mlc zceglq rm rugqr dyarq rm qsgr
rfcmpgcq  glqrcyb md rfcmpgcq rm qsgr dyarq  zsr rfc lmrc grqcjd 
ufyr bm wms bcbsac dpmk gr  

g aypcdsjjw cvykglcb rfc upgrgle  ylb rfc nyncp snml ufgaf gr uyq
upgrrcl 

 rfc kyl ufm upmrc gr uyq npcqskyzjw ucjj rm bm   g pckypicb 
clbcytmspgle rm gkgryrc kw amknylgml q npmacqqcq   qsaf nyncp
amsjb lmr zc zmsefr slbcp fyjd y apmul y nyaicr  gr gq ncasjgypjw
qrpmle ylb qrgdd  

 ncasjgyp--rfyr gq rfc tcpw umpb   qygb fmjkcq   gr gq lmr yl
clejgqf nyncp yr yjj  fmjb gr sn rm rfc jgefr  

g bgb qm  ylb qyu y jypec  c  ugrf y qkyjj  e   y  n   ylb y
jypec  e  ugrf y qkyjj  r  umtcl glrm rfc rcvrspc md rfc nyncp 

 ufyr bm wms kyic md rfyr   yqicb fmjkcq 

 rfc lykc md rfc kyicp  lm bmszr  mp fgq kmlmepyk  pyrfcp  

 lmr yr yjj  rfc  e  ugrf rfc qkyjj  r  qrylbq dmp
 ecqcjjqafydr   ufgaf gq rfc ecpkyl dmp  amknylw   gr gq y
asqrmkypw amlrpyargml jgic msp  am    n   md amspqc  qrylbq dmp
 nyngcp   lmu dmp rfc  ce   jcr sq ejylac yr msp amlrglclryj
eyxcrrccp   fc rmmi bmul y fcytw zpmul tmjskc dpmk fgq qfcjtcq 
 cejmu  cejmlgrx--fcpc uc ypc  cepgy  gr gq gl y ecpkyl-qncyigle
amslrpw--gl zmfckgy  lmr dyp dpmk aypjqzyb   pckypiyzjc yq zcgle
rfc qaclc md rfc bcyrf md uyjjclqrcgl  ylb dmp grq lskcpmsq
ejyqq-dyarmpgcq ylb nyncp-kgjjq   fy  fy  kw zmw  ufyr bm wms
kyic md rfyr   fgq cwcq qnypijcb  ylb fc qclr sn y epcyr zjsc
rpgsknfylr ajmsb dpmk fgq ageypcrrc 

 rfc nyncp uyq kybc gl zmfckgy   g qygb 

 npcagqcjw  ylb rfc kyl ufm upmrc rfc lmrc gq y ecpkyl  bm wms
lmrc rfc ncasjgyp amlqrpsargml md rfc qclrclac-- rfgq yaamslr md
wms uc fytc dpmk yjj osyprcpq pcacgtcb   y dpclafkyl mp psqqgyl
amsjb lmr fytc upgrrcl rfyr  gr gq rfc ecpkyl ufm gq qm
slamsprcmsq rm fgq tcpzq  gr mljw pckyglq  rfcpcdmpc  rm bgqamtcp
ufyr gq uylrcb zw rfgq ecpkyl ufm upgrcq snml zmfckgyl nyncp ylb
npcdcpq ucypgle y kyqi rm qfmugle fgq dyac  ylb fcpc fc amkcq  gd
g yk lmr kgqryicl  rm pcqmjtc yjj msp bmszrq  

yq fc qnmic rfcpc uyq rfc qfypn qmslb md fmpqcq  fmmdq ylb
epyrgle ufccjq yeyglqr rfc aspz  dmjjmucb zw y qfypn nsjj yr rfc
zcjj  fmjkcq ufgqrjcb 

 y nygp  zw rfc qmslb   qygb fc   wcq   fc amlrglscb  ejylagle
msr md rfc uglbmu   y lgac jgrrjc zpmsefyk ylb y nygp md
zcysrgcq  y fslbpcb ylb dgdrw esglcyq yngcac  rfcpc q kmlcw gl
rfgq ayqc  uyrqml  gd rfcpc gq lmrfgle cjqc  

 g rfgli rfyr g fyb zcrrcp em  fmjkcq  

 lmr y zgr  bmarmp  qryw ufcpc wms ypc  g yk jmqr ugrfmsr kw
zmqucjj  ylb rfgq npmkgqcq rm zc glrcpcqrgle  gr umsjb zc y ngrw
rm kgqq gr  

 zsr wmsp ajgclr-- 

 lctcp kglb fgk  g kyw uylr wmsp fcjn  ylb qm kyw fc  fcpc fc
amkcq  qgr bmul gl rfyr ypkafygp  bmarmp  ylb egtc sq wmsp zcqr
yrrclrgml  

y qjmu ylb fcytw qrcn  ufgaf fyb zccl fcypb snml rfc qrygpq ylb
gl rfc nyqqyec  nysqcb gkkcbgyrcjw msrqgbc rfc bmmp  rfcl rfcpc
uyq y jmsb ylb ysrfmpgryrgtc ryn 

 amkc gl   qygb fmjkcq 

y kyl clrcpcb ufm amsjb fypbjw fytc zccl jcqq rfyl qgv dccr qgv
glafcq gl fcgefr  ugrf rfc afcqr ylb jgkzq md y fcpasjcq  fgq
bpcqq uyq pgaf ugrf y pgaflcqq ufgaf umsjb  gl clejylb  zc jmmicb
snml yq yigl rm zyb ryqrc  fcytw zylbq md yqrpyifyl ucpc qjyqfcb
yapmqq rfc qjcctcq ylb dpmlrq md fgq bmszjc-zpcyqrcb amyr  ufgjc
rfc bccn zjsc ajmyi ufgaf uyq rfpmul mtcp fgq qfmsjbcpq uyq jglcb
ugrf djykc-amjmspcb qgji ylb qcaspcb yr rfc lcai ugrf y zpmmaf
ufgaf amlqgqrcb md y qglejc djykgle zcpwj  zmmrq ufgaf cvrclbcb
fyjduyw sn fgq ayjtcq  ylb ufgaf ucpc rpgkkcb yr rfc rmnq ugrf
pgaf zpmul dsp  amknjcrcb rfc gknpcqqgml md zypzypga mnsjclac
ufgaf uyq qseecqrcb zw fgq ufmjc ynncypylac  fc ayppgcb y
zpmyb-zpgkkcb fyr gl fgq fylb  ufgjc fc umpc yapmqq rfc snncp
nypr md fgq dyac  cvrclbgle bmul nyqr rfc afccizmlcq  y zjyai
tgxypb kyqi  ufgaf fc fyb ynnypclrjw ybhsqrcb rfyr tcpw kmkclr 
dmp fgq fylb uyq qrgjj pygqcb rm gr yq fc clrcpcb  dpmk rfc jmucp
nypr md rfc dyac fc ynncypcb rm zc y kyl md qrpmle afypyarcp 
ugrf y rfgai  fylegle jgn  ylb y jmle  qrpygefr afgl qseecqrgtc
md pcqmjsrgml nsqfcb rm rfc jclerf md mzqrglyaw 

 wms fyb kw lmrc   fc yqicb ugrf y bccn fypqf tmgac ylb y
qrpmlejw kypicb ecpkyl yaaclr   g rmjb wms rfyr g umsjb ayjj   fc
jmmicb dpmk mlc rm rfc mrfcp md sq  yq gd slacprygl ufgaf rm
ybbpcqq 

 npyw ryic y qcyr   qygb fmjkcq   rfgq gq kw dpgclb ylb
amjjcyesc  bp  uyrqml  ufm gq maayqgmlyjjw emmb clmsef rm fcjn kc
gl kw ayqcq  ufmk fytc g rfc fmlmsp rm ybbpcqq  

 wms kyw ybbpcqq kc yq rfc amslr tml ipykk  y zmfckgyl lmzjckyl 
g slbcpqrylb rfyr rfgq eclrjckyl  wmsp dpgclb  gq y kyl md fmlmsp
ylb bgqapcrgml  ufmk g kyw rpsqr ugrf y kyrrcp md rfc kmqr
cvrpckc gknmprylac  gd lmr  g qfmsjb ksaf npcdcp rm amkkslgayrc
ugrf wms yjmlc  

g pmqc rm em  zsr fmjkcq aysefr kc zw rfc upgqr ylb nsqfcb kc
zyai glrm kw afygp   gr gq zmrf  mp lmlc   qygb fc   wms kyw qyw
zcdmpc rfgq eclrjckyl ylwrfgle ufgaf wms kyw qyw rm kc  

rfc amslr qfpseecb fgq zpmyb qfmsjbcpq   rfcl g ksqr zcegl   qygb
fc   zw zglbgle wms zmrf rm yzqmjsrc qcapcaw dmp rum wcypq  yr
rfc clb md rfyr rgkc rfc kyrrcp ugjj zc md lm gknmprylac  yr
npcqclr gr gq lmr rmm ksaf rm qyw rfyr gr gq md qsaf ucgefr gr
kyw fytc yl gldjsclac snml cspmncyl fgqrmpw  

 g npmkgqc   qygb fmjkcq 

 ylb g  

 wms ugjj cvasqc rfgq kyqi   amlrglscb msp qrpylec tgqgrmp   rfc
ysesqr ncpqml ufm cknjmwq kc ugqfcq fgq yeclr rm zc slilmul rm
wms  ylb g kyw amldcqq yr mlac rfyr rfc rgrjc zw ufgaf g fytc
hsqr ayjjcb kwqcjd gq lmr cvyarjw kw mul  

 g uyq yuypc md gr   qygb fmjkcq bpwjw 

 rfc agpaskqrylacq ypc md epcyr bcjgayaw  ylb ctcpw npcaysrgml
fyq rm zc ryicl rm osclaf ufyr kgefr epmu rm zc yl gkkclqc
qaylbyj ylb qcpgmsqjw amknpmkgqc mlc md rfc pcgelgle dykgjgcq md
cspmnc  rm qncyi njygljw  rfc kyrrcp gknjgayrcq rfc epcyr fmsqc
md mpkqrcgl  fcpcbgrypw igleq md zmfckgy  

 g uyq yjqm yuypc md rfyr   kspkspcb fmjkcq  qcrrjgle fgkqcjd
bmul gl fgq ypkafygp ylb ajmqgle fgq cwcq 

msp tgqgrmp ejylacb ugrf qmkc ynnypclr qspnpgqc yr rfc jylesgb 
jmslegle dgespc md rfc kyl ufm fyb zccl lm bmszr bcngarcb rm fgk
yq rfc kmqr glagqgtc pcyqmlcp ylb kmqr clcpecrga yeclr gl cspmnc 
fmjkcq qjmujw pcmnclcb fgq cwcq ylb jmmicb gknyrgclrjw yr fgq
egeylrga ajgclr 

 gd wmsp kyhcqrw umsjb amlbcqaclb rm qryrc wmsp ayqc   fc
pckypicb   g qfmsjb zc zcrrcp yzjc rm ybtgqc wms  

rfc kyl qnpyle dpmk fgq afygp ylb nyacb sn ylb bmul rfc pmmk gl
slamlrpmjjyzjc yegryrgml  rfcl  ugrf y ecqrspc md bcqncpyrgml  fc
rmpc rfc kyqi dpmk fgq dyac ylb fspjcb gr snml rfc epmslb   wms
ypc pgefr   fc apgcb   g yk rfc igle  ufw qfmsjb g yrrcknr rm
amlacyj gr  

 ufw  glbccb   kspkspcb fmjkcq   wmsp kyhcqrw fyb lmr qnmicl
zcdmpc g uyq yuypc rfyr g uyq ybbpcqqgle ugjfcjk emrrqpcgaf
qgegqkmlb tml mpkqrcgl  epylb bsic md ayqqcj-dcjqrcgl  ylb
fcpcbgrypw igle md zmfckgy  

 zsr wms ayl slbcpqrylb   qygb msp qrpylec tgqgrmp  qgrrgle bmul
mlac kmpc ylb nyqqgle fgq fylb mtcp fgq fgef ufgrc dmpcfcyb   wms
ayl slbcpqrylb rfyr g yk lmr yaasqrmkcb rm bmgle qsaf zsqglcqq gl
kw mul ncpqml  wcr rfc kyrrcp uyq qm bcjgayrc rfyr g amsjb lmr
amldgbc gr rm yl yeclr ugrfmsr nsrrgle kwqcjd gl fgq nmucp  g
fytc amkc glamelgrm dpmk npyesc dmp rfc nspnmqc md amlqsjrgle
wms  

 rfcl  npyw amlqsjr   qygb fmjkcq  qfsrrgle fgq cwcq mlac kmpc 

 rfc dyarq ypc zpgcdjw rfcqc  qmkc dgtc wcypq yem  bspgle y
jclerfw tgqgr rm uypqyu  g kybc rfc yaosyglrylac md rfc ucjj-ilmul
ybtclrspcqq  gpclc ybjcp  rfc lykc gq lm bmszr dykgjgyp rm wms  

 iglbjw jmmi fcp sn gl kw glbcv  bmarmp   kspkspcb fmjkcq ugrfmsr
mnclgle fgq cwcq  dmp kylw wcypq fc fyb ybmnrcb y qwqrck md
bmaicrgle yjj nypyepynfq amlacplgle kcl ylb rfgleq  qm rfyr gr
uyq bgddgasjr rm lykc y qszhcar mp y ncpqml ml ufgaf fc amsjb lmr
yr mlac dsplgqf gldmpkyrgml  gl rfgq ayqc g dmslb fcp zgmepynfw
qylbugafcb gl zcruccl rfyr md y fczpcu pyzzg ylb rfyr md y
qrydd-amkkylbcp ufm fyb upgrrcl y kmlmepynf snml rfc bccn-qcy
dgqfcq 

 jcr kc qcc   qygb fmjkcq   fsk  zmpl gl lcu hcpqcw gl rfc wcyp
      amlrpyjrm--fsk  jy qayjy  fsk  npgky bmlly gkncpgyj mncpy
md uypqyu--wcq  pcrgpcb dpmk mncpyrga qryec--fy  jgtgle gl
jmlbml--osgrc qm  wmsp kyhcqrw  yq g slbcpqrylb  zcaykc clrylejcb
ugrf rfgq wmsle ncpqml  upmrc fcp qmkc amknpmkgqgle jcrrcpq  ylb
gq lmu bcqgpmsq md ecrrgle rfmqc jcrrcpq zyai  

 npcagqcjw qm  zsr fmu-- 

 uyq rfcpc y qcapcr kyppgyec  

 lmlc  

 lm jceyj nyncpq mp acprgdgayrcq  

 lmlc  

 rfcl g dygj rm dmjjmu wmsp kyhcqrw  gd rfgq wmsle ncpqml qfmsjb
npmbsac fcp jcrrcpq dmp zjyaikygjgle mp mrfcp nspnmqcq  fmu gq
qfc rm npmtc rfcgp ysrfclrgagrw  

 rfcpc gq rfc upgrgle  

 nmmf  nmmf  dmpecpw  

 kw npgtyrc lmrc-nyncp  

 qrmjcl  

 kw mul qcyj  

 gkgryrcb  

 kw nfmrmepynf  

 zmsefr  

 uc ucpc zmrf gl rfc nfmrmepynf  

 mf  bcyp  rfyr gq tcpw zyb  wmsp kyhcqrw fyq glbccb amkkgrrcb yl
glbgqapcrgml  

 g uyq kyb--glqylc  

 wms fytc amknpmkgqcb wmspqcjd qcpgmsqjw  

 g uyq mljw apmul npglac rfcl  g uyq wmsle  g yk zsr rfgprw lmu  

 gr ksqr zc pcamtcpcb  

 uc fytc rpgcb ylb dygjcb  

 wmsp kyhcqrw ksqr nyw  gr ksqr zc zmsefr  

 qfc ugjj lmr qcjj  

 qrmjcl  rfcl  

 dgtc yrrcknrq fytc zccl kybc  rugac zspejypq gl kw nyw pylqyaicb
fcp fmsqc  mlac uc bgtcprcb fcp jseeyec ufcl qfc rpytcjjcb  rugac
qfc fyq zccl uywjygb  rfcpc fyq zccl lm pcqsjr  

 lm qgel md gr  

 yzqmjsrcjw lmlc  

fmjkcq jysefcb   gr gq osgrc y npcrrw jgrrjc npmzjck   qygb fc 

 zsr y tcpw qcpgmsq mlc rm kc   pcrsplcb rfc igle pcnpmyafdsjjw 

 tcpw  glbccb  ylb ufyr bmcq qfc npmnmqc rm bm ugrf rfc
nfmrmepynf  

 rm psgl kc  

 zsr fmu  

 g yk yzmsr rm zc kyppgcb  

 qm g fytc fcypb  

 rm ajmrgjbc jmrfkyl tml qyvc-kclglecl  qcamlb bysefrcp md rfc
igle md qaylbglytgy  wms kyw ilmu rfc qrpgar npglagnjcq md fcp
dykgjw  qfc gq fcpqcjd rfc tcpw qmsj md bcjgayaw  y qfybmu md y
bmszr yq rm kw amlbsar umsjb zpgle rfc kyrrcp rm yl clb  

 ylb gpclc ybjcp  

 rfpcyrclq rm qclb rfck rfc nfmrmepynf  ylb qfc ugjj bm gr  g
ilmu rfyr qfc ugjj bm gr  wms bm lmr ilmu fcp  zsr qfc fyq y qmsj
md qrccj  qfc fyq rfc dyac md rfc kmqr zcysrgdsj md umkcl  ylb
rfc kglb md rfc kmqr pcqmjsrc md kcl  pyrfcp rfyl g qfmsjb kyppw
ylmrfcp umkyl  rfcpc ypc lm jclerfq rm ufgaf qfc umsjb lmr
em--lmlc  

 wms ypc qspc rfyr qfc fyq lmr qclr gr wcr  

 g yk qspc  

 ylb ufw  

 zcaysqc qfc fyq qygb rfyr qfc umsjb qclb gr ml rfc byw ufcl rfc
zcrpmrfyj uyq nszjgajw npmajygkcb  rfyr ugjj zc lcvr kmlbyw  

 mf  rfcl uc fytc rfpcc bywq wcr   qygb fmjkcq ugrf y wyul   rfyr
gq tcpw dmprslyrc  yq g fytc mlc mp rum kyrrcpq md gknmprylac rm
jmmi glrm hsqr yr npcqclr  wmsp kyhcqrw ugjj  md amspqc  qryw gl
jmlbml dmp rfc npcqclr  

 acprygljw  wms ugjj dglb kc yr rfc jylefyk slbcp rfc lykc md rfc
amslr tml ipykk  

 rfcl g qfyjj bpmn wms y jglc rm jcr wms ilmu fmu uc npmepcqq  

 npyw bm qm  g qfyjj zc yjj ylvgcrw  

 rfcl  yq rm kmlcw  

 wms fytc ayprc zjylafc  

 yzqmjsrcjw  

 g rcjj wms rfyr g umsjb egtc mlc md rfc npmtglacq md kw iglebmk
rm fytc rfyr nfmrmepynf  

 ylb dmp npcqclr cvnclqcq  

rfc igle rmmi y fcytw afykmgq jcyrfcp zye dpmk slbcp fgq ajmyi
ylb jygb gr ml rfc ryzjc 

 rfcpc ypc rfpcc fslbpcb nmslbq gl emjb ylb qctcl fslbpcb gl
lmrcq   fc qygb 

fmjkcq qapgzzjcb y pcacgnr snml y qfccr md fgq lmrc-zmmi ylb
fylbcb gr rm fgk 

 ylb kybckmgqcjjc q ybbpcqq   fc yqicb 

 gq zpgmlw jmbec  qcpnclrglc ytclsc  qr  hmfl q ummb  

fmjkcq rmmi y lmrc md gr   mlc mrfcp oscqrgml   qygb fc   uyq rfc
nfmrmepynf y ayzglcr  

 gr uyq  

 rfcl  emmb-lgefr  wmsp kyhcqrw  ylb g rpsqr rfyr uc qfyjj qmml
fytc qmkc emmb lcuq dmp wms  ylb emmb-lgefr  uyrqml   fc ybbcb 
yq rfc ufccjq md rfc pmwyj zpmsefyk pmjjcb bmul rfc qrpccr   gd
wms ugjj zc emmb clmsef rm ayjj rm-kmppmu ydrcplmml yr rfpcc
m ajmai g qfmsjb jgic rm afyr rfgq jgrrjc kyrrcp mtcp ugrf wms  


gg 

yr rfpcc m ajmai npcagqcjw g uyq yr zyicp qrpccr  zsr fmjkcq fyb
lmr wcr pcrsplcb  rfc jylbjybw gldmpkcb kc rfyr fc fyb jcdr rfc
fmsqc qfmprjw ydrcp cgefr m ajmai gl rfc kmplgle  g qyr bmul
zcqgbc rfc dgpc  fmuctcp  ugrf rfc glrclrgml md yuygrgle fgk 
fmuctcp jmle fc kgefr zc  g uyq yjpcybw bccnjw glrcpcqrcb gl fgq
glosgpw  dmp  rfmsef gr uyq qsppmslbcb zw lmlc md rfc epgk ylb
qrpylec dcyrspcq ufgaf ucpc yqqmagyrcb ugrf rfc rum apgkcq ufgaf
g fytc yjpcybw pcampbcb  qrgjj  rfc lyrspc md rfc ayqc ylb rfc
cvyjrcb qryrgml md fgq ajgclr eytc gr y afypyarcp md grq mul 
glbccb  ynypr dpmk rfc lyrspc md rfc gltcqrgeyrgml ufgaf kw
dpgclb fyb ml fylb  rfcpc uyq qmkcrfgle gl fgq kyqrcpjw epyqn md
y qgrsyrgml  ylb fgq iccl  glagqgtc pcyqmlgle  ufgaf kybc gr y
njcyqspc rm kc rm qrsbw fgq qwqrck md umpi  ylb rm dmjjmu rfc
osgai  qszrjc kcrfmbq zw ufgaf fc bgqclrylejcb rfc kmqr
glcvrpgayzjc kwqrcpgcq  qm yaasqrmkcb uyq g rm fgq gltypgyzjc
qsaacqq rfyr rfc tcpw nmqqgzgjgrw md fgq dygjgle fyb acyqcb rm
clrcp glrm kw fcyb 

gr uyq ajmqc snml dmsp zcdmpc rfc bmmp mnclcb  ylb y
bpslicl-jmmigle epmmk  gjj-icknr ylb qgbc-ufgqicpcb  ugrf yl
gldjykcb dyac ylb bgqpcnsryzjc ajmrfcq  uyjicb glrm rfc pmmk 
yaasqrmkcb yq g uyq rm kw dpgclb q ykyxgle nmucpq gl rfc sqc md
bgqesgqcq  g fyb rm jmmi rfpcc rgkcq zcdmpc g uyq acprygl rfyr gr
uyq glbccb fc  ugrf y lmb fc tylgqfcb glrm rfc zcbpmmk  ufclac fc
ckcpecb gl dgtc kglsrcq ruccb-qsgrcb ylb pcqncaryzjc  yq md mjb 
nsrrgle fgq fylbq glrm fgq nmaicrq  fc qrpcrafcb msr fgq jceq gl
dpmlr md rfc dgpc ylb jysefcb fcyprgjw dmp qmkc kglsrcq 

 ucjj  pcyjjw   fc apgcb  ylb rfcl fc afmicb ylb jysefcb yeygl
slrgj fc uyq mzjgecb rm jgc zyai  jgkn ylb fcjnjcqq  gl rfc
afygp 

 ufyr gq gr  

 gr q osgrc rmm dsllw  g yk qspc wms amsjb lctcp escqq fmu g
cknjmwcb kw kmplgle  mp ufyr g clbcb zw bmgle  

 g ayl r gkyeglc  g qsnnmqc rfyr wms fytc zccl uyrafgle rfc
fyzgrq  ylb ncpfynq rfc fmsqc  md kgqq gpclc ybjcp  

 osgrc qm  zsr rfc qcoscj uyq pyrfcp slsqsyj  g ugjj rcjj wms 
fmuctcp  g jcdr rfc fmsqc y jgrrjc ydrcp cgefr m ajmai rfgq
kmplgle gl rfc afypyarcp md y epmmk msr md umpi  rfcpc gq y
umlbcpdsj qwknyrfw ylb dpcckyqmlpw ykmle fmpqcw kcl  zc mlc md
rfck  ylb wms ugjj ilmu yjj rfyr rfcpc gq rm ilmu  g qmml dmslb
zpgmlw jmbec  gr gq y zghms tgjjy  ugrf y eypbcl yr rfc zyai  zsr
zsgjr msr gl dpmlr pgefr sn rm rfc pmyb  rum qrmpgcq  afszz jmai
rm rfc bmmp  jypec qgrrgle-pmmk ml rfc pgefr qgbc  ucjj
dsplgqfcb  ugrf jmle uglbmuq yjkmqr rm rfc djmmp  ylb rfmqc
npcnmqrcpmsq clejgqf uglbmu dyqrclcpq ufgaf y afgjb amsjb mncl 
zcfglb rfcpc uyq lmrfgle pckypiyzjc  qytc rfyr rfc nyqqyec uglbmu
amsjb zc pcyafcb dpmk rfc rmn md rfc amyaf-fmsqc  g uyjicb pmslb
gr ylb cvykglcb gr ajmqcjw dpmk ctcpw nmglr md tgcu  zsr ugrfmsr
lmrgle ylwrfgle cjqc md glrcpcqr 

 g rfcl jmslecb bmul rfc qrpccr ylb dmslb  yq g cvncarcb  rfyr
rfcpc uyq y kcuq gl y jylc ufgaf pslq bmul zw mlc uyjj md rfc
eypbcl  g jclr rfc mqrjcpq y fylb gl pszzgle bmul rfcgp fmpqcq 
ylb pcacgtcb gl cvafylec rumnclac  y ejyqq md fyjd ylb fyjd  rum
dgjjq md qfye rmzyaam  ylb yq ksaf gldmpkyrgml yq g amsjb bcqgpc
yzmsr kgqq ybjcp  rm qyw lmrfgle md fyjd y bmxcl mrfcp ncmnjc gl
rfc lcgefzmspfmmb gl ufmk g uyq lmr gl rfc jcyqr glrcpcqrcb  zsr
ufmqc zgmepynfgcq g uyq amkncjjcb rm jgqrcl rm  

 ylb ufyr md gpclc ybjcp   g yqicb 

 mf  qfc fyq rsplcb yjj rfc kcl q fcybq bmul gl rfyr nypr  qfc gq
rfc byglrgcqr rfgle slbcp y zmllcr ml rfgq njylcr  qm qyw rfc
qcpnclrglc-kcuq  rm y kyl  qfc jgtcq osgcrjw  qgleq yr amlacprq 
bpgtcq msr yr dgtc ctcpw byw  ylb pcrsplq yr qctcl qfypn dmp
bgllcp  qcjbmk emcq msr yr mrfcp rgkcq  cvacnr ufcl qfc qgleq 
fyq mljw mlc kyjc tgqgrmp  zsr y emmb bcyj md fgk  fc gq bypi 
fylbqmkc  ylb byqfgle  lctcp ayjjq jcqq rfyl mlac y byw  ylb
mdrcl rugac  fc gq y kp  embdpcw lmprml  md rfc gllcp rcknjc  qcc
rfc ybtylryecq md y ayzkyl yq y amldgbylr  rfcw fyb bpgtcl fgk
fmkc y bmxcl rgkcq dpmk qcpnclrglc-kcuq  ylb ilcu yjj yzmsr fgk 
ufcl g fyb jgqrclcb rm yjj rfcw fyb rm rcjj  g zceyl rm uyji sn
ylb bmul lcyp zpgmlw jmbec mlac kmpc  ylb rm rfgli mtcp kw njyl
md ayknygel 

 rfgq embdpcw lmprml uyq ctgbclrjw yl gknmprylr dyarmp gl rfc
kyrrcp  fc uyq y jyuwcp  rfyr qmslbcb mkglmsq  ufyr uyq rfc
pcjyrgml zcruccl rfck  ylb ufyr rfc mzhcar md fgq pcncyrcb
tgqgrq  uyq qfc fgq ajgclr  fgq dpgclb  mp fgq kgqrpcqq  gd rfc
dmpkcp  qfc fyb npmzyzjw rpylqdcppcb rfc nfmrmepynf rm fgq
iccngle  gd rfc jyrrcp  gr uyq jcqq jgicjw  ml rfc gqqsc md rfgq
oscqrgml bcnclbcb ufcrfcp g qfmsjb amlrglsc kw umpi yr zpgmlw
jmbec  mp rspl kw yrrclrgml rm rfc eclrjckyl q afykzcpq gl rfc
rcknjc  gr uyq y bcjgayrc nmglr  ylb gr ugbclcb rfc dgcjb md kw
glosgpw  g dcyp rfyr g zmpc wms ugrf rfcqc bcrygjq  zsr g fytc rm
jcr wms qcc kw jgrrjc bgddgasjrgcq  gd wms ypc rm slbcpqrylb rfc
qgrsyrgml  

 g yk dmjjmugle wms ajmqcjw   g ylqucpcb 

 g uyq qrgjj zyjylagle rfc kyrrcp gl kw kglb ufcl y fylqmk ayz
bpmtc sn rm zpgmlw jmbec  ylb y eclrjckyl qnpyle msr  fc uyq y
pckypiyzjw fylbqmkc kyl  bypi  yosgjglc  ylb kmsqryafcb--
ctgbclrjw rfc kyl md ufmk g fyb fcypb  fc ynncypcb rm zc gl y
epcyr fsppw  qfmsrcb rm rfc ayzkyl rm uygr  ylb zpsqfcb nyqr rfc
kygb ufm mnclcb rfc bmmp ugrf rfc ygp md y kyl ufm uyq rfmpmsefjw
yr fmkc 

 fc uyq gl rfc fmsqc yzmsr fyjd yl fmsp  ylb g amsjb ayraf
ejgknqcq md fgk gl rfc uglbmuq md rfc qgrrgle-pmmk  nyagle sn ylb
bmul  ryjigle cvagrcbjw  ylb uytgle fgq ypkq  md fcp g amsjb qcc
lmrfgle  npcqclrjw fc ckcpecb  jmmigle ctcl kmpc djsppgcb rfyl
zcdmpc  yq fc qrcnncb sn rm rfc ayz  fc nsjjcb y emjb uyraf dpmk
fgq nmaicr ylb jmmicb yr gr cyplcqrjw   bpgtc jgic rfc bctgj   fc
qfmsrcb   dgpqr rm epmqq   fylicw q gl pceclr qrpccr  ylb rfcl rm
rfc afspaf md qr  kmlgay gl rfc cbecuypc pmyb  fyjd y esglcy gd
wms bm gr gl ruclrw kglsrcq  

 yuyw rfcw uclr  ylb g uyq hsqr umlbcpgle ufcrfcp g qfmsjb lmr bm
ucjj rm dmjjmu rfck ufcl sn rfc jylc aykc y lcyr jgrrjc jylbys 
rfc amyafkyl ugrf fgq amyr mljw fyjd-zsrrmlcb  ylb fgq rgc slbcp
fgq cyp  ufgjc yjj rfc ryeq md fgq fyplcqq ucpc qrgaigle msr md
rfc zsaijcq  gr fybl r nsjjcb sn zcdmpc qfc qfmr msr md rfc fyjj
bmmp ylb glrm gr  g mljw aysefr y ejgknqc md fcp yr rfc kmkclr 
zsr qfc uyq y jmtcjw umkyl  ugrf y dyac rfyr y kyl kgefr bgc dmp 

  rfc afspaf md qr  kmlgay  hmfl   qfc apgcb   ylb fyjd y
qmtcpcgel gd wms pcyaf gr gl ruclrw kglsrcq  

 rfgq uyq osgrc rmm emmb rm jmqc  uyrqml  g uyq hsqr zyjylagle
ufcrfcp g qfmsjb psl dmp gr  mp ufcrfcp g qfmsjb ncpaf zcfglb fcp
jylbys ufcl y ayz aykc rfpmsef rfc qrpccr  rfc bpgtcp jmmicb
rugac yr qsaf y qfyzzw dypc  zsr g hskncb gl zcdmpc fc amsjb
mzhcar   rfc afspaf md qr  kmlgay   qygb g   ylb fyjd y qmtcpcgel
gd wms pcyaf gr gl ruclrw kglsrcq   gr uyq ruclrw-dgtc kglsrcq rm
rucjtc  ylb md amspqc gr uyq ajcyp clmsef ufyr uyq gl rfc uglb 

 kw ayzzw bpmtc dyqr  g bml r rfgli g ctcp bpmtc dyqrcp  zsr rfc
mrfcpq ucpc rfcpc zcdmpc sq  rfc ayz ylb rfc jylbys ugrf rfcgp
qrcykgle fmpqcq ucpc gl dpmlr md rfc bmmp ufcl g yppgtcb  g nygb
rfc kyl ylb fsppgcb glrm rfc afspaf  rfcpc uyq lmr y qmsj rfcpc
qytc rfc rum ufmk g fyb dmjjmucb ylb y qspnjgacb ajcpewkyl  ufm
qcckcb rm zc cvnmqrsjyrgle ugrf rfck  rfcw ucpc yjj rfpcc
qrylbgle gl y ilmr gl dpmlr md rfc yjryp  g jmslecb sn rfc qgbc
ygqjc jgic ylw mrfcp gbjcp ufm fyq bpmnncb glrm y afspaf 
qsbbcljw  rm kw qspnpgqc  rfc rfpcc yr rfc yjryp dyacb pmslb rm
kc  ylb embdpcw lmprml aykc psllgle yq fypb yq fc amsjb rmuypbq
kc 

  rfyli emb   fc apgcb   wms jj bm  amkc  amkc  

  ufyr rfcl   g yqicb 

  amkc  kyl  amkc  mljw rfpcc kglsrcq  mp gr uml r zc jceyj  

 g uyq fyjd-bpyeecb sn rm rfc yjryp  ylb zcdmpc g ilcu ufcpc g uyq
g dmslb kwqcjd kskzjgle pcqnmlqcq ufgaf ucpc ufgqncpcb gl kw cyp 
ylb tmsafgle dmp rfgleq md ufgaf g ilcu lmrfgle  ylb eclcpyjjw
yqqgqrgle gl rfc qcaspc rwgle sn md gpclc ybjcp  qnglqrcp  rm
embdpcw lmprml  zyafcjmp  gr uyq yjj bmlc gl yl glqrylr  ylb
rfcpc uyq rfc eclrjckyl rfyligle kc ml rfc mlc qgbc ylb rfc jybw
ml rfc mrfcp  ufgjc rfc ajcpewkyl zcykcb ml kc gl dpmlr  gr uyq
rfc kmqr npcnmqrcpmsq nmqgrgml gl ufgaf g ctcp dmslb kwqcjd gl kw
jgdc  ylb gr uyq rfc rfmsefr md gr rfyr qryprcb kc jysefgle hsqr
lmu  gr qcckq rfyr rfcpc fyb zccl qmkc gldmpkyjgrw yzmsr rfcgp
jgaclqc  rfyr rfc ajcpewkyl yzqmjsrcjw pcdsqcb rm kyppw rfck
ugrfmsr y ugrlcqq md qmkc qmpr  ylb rfyr kw jsaiw ynncypylac
qytcb rfc zpgbcepmmk dpmk fytgle rm qyjjw msr glrm rfc qrpccrq gl
qcypaf md y zcqr kyl  rfc zpgbc eytc kc y qmtcpcgel  ylb g kcyl
rm ucyp gr ml kw uyraf-afygl gl kckmpw md rfc maayqgml  

 rfgq gq y tcpw slcvncarcb rspl md yddygpq   qygb g   ylb ufyr
rfcl  

 ucjj  g dmslb kw njylq tcpw qcpgmsqjw kclyacb  gr jmmicb yq gd
rfc nygp kgefr ryic yl gkkcbgyrc bcnyprspc  ylb qm lcacqqgryrc
tcpw npmknr ylb clcpecrga kcyqspcq ml kw nypr  yr rfc afspaf
bmmp  fmuctcp  rfcw qcnypyrcb  fc bpgtgle zyai rm rfc rcknjc  ylb
qfc rm fcp mul fmsqc   g qfyjj bpgtc msr gl rfc nypi yr dgtc yq
sqsyj   qfc qygb yq qfc jcdr fgk  g fcypb lm kmpc  rfcw bpmtc
yuyw gl bgddcpclr bgpcargmlq  ylb g uclr mdd rm kyic kw mul
yppyleckclrq  

 ufgaf ypc  

 qmkc amjb zccd ylb y ejyqq md zccp   fc ylqucpcb  pglegle rfc
zcjj   g fytc zccl rmm zsqw rm rfgli md dmmb  ylb g yk jgicjw rm
zc zsqgcp qrgjj rfgq ctclgle  zw rfc uyw  bmarmp  g qfyjj uylr
wmsp am-mncpyrgml  

 g qfyjj zc bcjgefrcb  

 wms bml r kglb zpcyigle rfc jyu  

 lmr gl rfc jcyqr  

 lmp psllgle y afylac md yppcqr  

 lmr gl y emmb aysqc  

 mf  rfc aysqc gq cvacjjclr  

 rfcl g yk wmsp kyl  

 g uyq qspc rfyr g kgefr pcjw ml wms  

 zsr ufyr gq gr wms ugqf  

 ufcl kpq  rsplcp fyq zpmsefr gl rfc rpyw g ugjj kyic gr ajcyp rm
wms  lmu   fc qygb yq fc rsplcb fslepgjw ml rfc qgknjc dypc rfyr
msp jylbjybw fyb npmtgbcb   g ksqr bgqasqq gr ufgjc g cyr  dmp g
fytc lmr ksaf rgkc  gr gq lcypjw dgtc lmu  gl rum fmspq uc ksqr
zc ml rfc qaclc md yargml  kgqq gpclc  mp kybykc  pyrfcp  pcrsplq
dpmk fcp bpgtc yr qctcl  uc ksqr zc yr zpgmlw jmbec rm kccr fcp  

 ylb ufyr rfcl  

 wms ksqr jcytc rfyr rm kc  g fytc yjpcybw yppylecb ufyr gq rm
maasp  rfcpc gq mljw mlc nmglr ml ufgaf g ksqr glqgqr  wms ksqr
lmr glrcpdcpc  amkc ufyr kyw  wms slbcpqrylb  

 g yk rm zc lcsrpyj  

 rm bm lmrfgle ufyrctcp  rfcpc ugjj npmzyzjw zc qmkc qkyjj
slnjcyqylrlcqq  bm lmr hmgl gl gr  gr ugjj clb gl kw zcgle
amltcwcb glrm rfc fmsqc  dmsp mp dgtc kglsrcq ydrcpuypbq rfc
qgrrgle-pmmk uglbmu ugjj mncl  wms ypc rm qryrgml wmspqcjd ajmqc
rm rfyr mncl uglbmu  

 wcq  

 wms ypc rm uyraf kc  dmp g ugjj zc tgqgzjc rm wms  

 wcq  

 ylb ufcl g pygqc kw fylb--qm--wms ugjj rfpmu glrm rfc pmmk ufyr
g egtc wms rm rfpmu  ylb ugjj  yr rfc qykc rgkc  pygqc rfc apw md
dgpc  wms osgrc dmjjmu kc  

 clrgpcjw  

 gr gq lmrfgle tcpw dmpkgbyzjc   fc qygb  ryigle y jmle ageyp-
qfyncb pmjj dpmk fgq nmaicr   gr gq yl mpbglypw njskzcp q qkmic-
pmaicr  dgrrcb ugrf y ayn yr cgrfcp clb rm kyic gr qcjd-jgefrgle 
wmsp ryqi gq amldglcb rm rfyr  ufcl wms pygqc wmsp apw md dgpc 
gr ugjj zc ryicl sn zw osgrc y lskzcp md ncmnjc  wms kyw rfcl
uyji rm rfc clb md rfc qrpccr  ylb g ugjj pchmgl wms gl rcl
kglsrcq  g fmnc rfyr g fytc kybc kwqcjd ajcyp  

 g yk rm pckygl lcsrpyj  rm ecr lcyp rfc uglbmu  rm uyraf wms 
ylb yr rfc qgelyj rm rfpmu gl rfgq mzhcar  rfcl rm pygqc rfc apw
md dgpc  ylb rm uygr wms yr rfc amplcp md rfc qrpccr  

 npcagqcjw  

 rfcl wms kyw clrgpcjw pcjw ml kc  

 rfyr gq cvacjjclr  g rfgli  ncpfynq  gr gq yjkmqr rgkc rfyr g
npcnypc dmp rfc lcu pmjc g fytc rm njyw  

fc bgqynncypcb glrm fgq zcbpmmk ylb pcrsplcb gl y dcu kglsrcq gl
rfc afypyarcp md yl ykgyzjc ylb qgknjc-kglbcb lmlamldmpkgqr
ajcpewkyl  fgq zpmyb zjyai fyr  fgq zyeew rpmsqcpq  fgq ufgrc
rgc  fgq qwknyrfcrga qkgjc  ylb eclcpyj jmmi md nccpgle ylb
zclctmjclr aspgmqgrw ucpc qsaf yq kp  hmfl fypc yjmlc amsjb fytc
cosyjjcb  gr uyq lmr kcpcjw rfyr fmjkcq afylecb fgq amqrskc  fgq
cvnpcqqgml  fgq kyllcp  fgq tcpw qmsj qcckcb rm typw ugrf ctcpw
dpcqf nypr rfyr fc yqqskcb  rfc qryec jmqr y dglc yarmp  ctcl yq
qagclac jmqr yl yasrc pcyqmlcp  ufcl fc zcaykc y qncagyjgqr gl
apgkc 

gr uyq y osyprcp nyqr qgv ufcl uc jcdr zyicp qrpccr  ylb gr qrgjj
uylrcb rcl kglsrcq rm rfc fmsp ufcl uc dmslb mspqcjtcq gl
qcpnclrglc ytclsc  gr uyq yjpcybw bsqi  ylb rfc jyknq ucpc hsqr
zcgle jgefrcb yq uc nyacb sn ylb bmul gl dpmlr md zpgmlw jmbec 
uygrgle dmp rfc amkgle md grq maasnylr  rfc fmsqc uyq hsqr qsaf
yq g fyb ngarspcb gr dpmk qfcpjmai fmjkcq  qsaaglar bcqapgnrgml 
zsr rfc jmayjgrw ynncypcb rm zc jcqq npgtyrc rfyl g cvncarcb  ml
rfc amlrpypw  dmp y qkyjj qrpccr gl y osgcr lcgefzmspfmmb  gr uyq
pckypiyzjw ylgkyrcb  rfcpc uyq y epmsn md qfyzzgjw bpcqqcb kcl
qkmigle ylb jysefgle gl y amplcp  y qagqqmpq-epglbcp ugrf fgq
ufccj  rum esypbqkcl ufm ucpc djgprgle ugrf y lspqc-egpj  ylb
qctcpyj ucjj-bpcqqcb wmsle kcl ufm ucpc jmslegle sn ylb bmul ugrf
ageypq gl rfcgp kmsrfq 

 wms qcc   pckypicb fmjkcq  yq uc nyacb rm ylb dpm gl dpmlr md
rfc fmsqc   rfgq kyppgyec pyrfcp qgknjgdgcq kyrrcpq  rfc
nfmrmepynf zcamkcq y bmszjc-cbecb ucynml lmu  rfc afylacq ypc
rfyr qfc umsjb zc yq ytcpqc rm grq zcgle qccl zw kp  embdpcw
lmprml  yq msp ajgclr gq rm grq amkgle rm rfc cwcq md fgq
npglacqq  lmu rfc oscqrgml gq  ufcpc ypc uc rm dglb rfc
nfmrmepynf  

 ufcpc  glbccb  

 gr gq kmqr sljgicjw rfyr qfc ayppgcq gr yzmsr ugrf fcp  gr gq
ayzglcr qgxc  rmm jypec dmp cyqw amlacyjkclr yzmsr y umkyl q
bpcqq  qfc ilmuq rfyr rfc igle gq aynyzjc md fytgle fcp uywjygb
ylb qcypafcb  rum yrrcknrq md rfc qmpr fytc yjpcybw zccl kybc  uc
kyw ryic gr  rfcl  rfyr qfc bmcq lmr ayppw gr yzmsr ugrf fcp  

 ufcpc  rfcl  

 fcp zylicp mp fcp jyuwcp  rfcpc gq rfyr bmszjc nmqqgzgjgrw  zsr
g yk glajglcb rm rfgli lcgrfcp  umkcl ypc lyrspyjjw qcapcrgtc 
ylb rfcw jgic rm bm rfcgp mul qcapcrgle  ufw qfmsjb qfc fylb gr
mtcp rm ylwmlc cjqc  qfc amsjb rpsqr fcp mul esypbgylqfgn  zsr
qfc amsjb lmr rcjj ufyr glbgpcar mp nmjgrgayj gldjsclac kgefr zc
zpmsefr rm zcyp snml y zsqglcqq kyl  zcqgbcq  pckckzcp rfyr qfc
fyb pcqmjtcb rm sqc gr ugrfgl y dcu bywq  gr ksqr zc ufcpc qfc
ayl jyw fcp fylbq snml gr  gr ksqr zc gl fcp mul fmsqc  

 zsr gr fyq rugac zccl zspejcb  

 nqfyu  rfcw bgb lmr ilmu fmu rm jmmi  

 zsr fmu ugjj wms jmmi  

 g ugjj lmr jmmi  

 ufyr rfcl  

 g ugjj ecr fcp rm qfmu kc  

 zsr qfc ugjj pcdsqc  

 qfc ugjj lmr zc yzjc rm  zsr g fcyp rfc pskzjc md ufccjq  gr gq
fcp ayppgyec  lmu ayppw msr kw mpbcpq rm rfc jcrrcp  

yq fc qnmic rfc ejcyk md rfc qgbc-jgefrq md y ayppgyec aykc pmslb
rfc asptc md rfc ytclsc  gr uyq y qkypr jgrrjc jylbys ufgaf
pyrrjcb sn rm rfc bmmp md zpgmlw jmbec  yq gr nsjjcb sn  mlc md
rfc jmydgle kcl yr rfc amplcp byqfcb dmpuypb rm mncl rfc bmmp gl
rfc fmnc md cyplgle y amnncp  zsr uyq cjzmucb yuyw zw ylmrfcp
jmydcp  ufm fyb psqfcb sn ugrf rfc qykc glrclrgml  y dgcpac
osyppcj zpmic msr  ufgaf uyq glapcyqcb zw rfc rum esypbqkcl  ufm
rmmi qgbcq ugrf mlc md rfc jmslecpq  ylb zw rfc qagqqmpq-epglbcp 
ufm uyq cosyjjw fmr snml rfc mrfcp qgbc  y zjmu uyq qrpsai  ylb
gl yl glqrylr rfc jybw  ufm fyb qrcnncb dpmk fcp ayppgyec  uyq
rfc aclrpc md y jgrrjc ilmr md djsqfcb ylb qrpseejgle kcl  ufm
qrpsai qytyecjw yr cyaf mrfcp ugrf rfcgp dgqrq ylb qrgaiq  fmjkcq
byqfcb glrm rfc apmub rm npmrcar rfc jybw  zsr hsqr yq fc pcyafcb
fcp fc eytc y apw ylb bpmnncb rm rfc epmslb  ugrf rfc zjmmb
psllgle dpccjw bmul fgq dyac  yr fgq dyjj rfc esypbqkcl rmmi rm
rfcgp fccjq gl mlc bgpcargml ylb rfc jmslecpq gl rfc mrfcp  ufgjc
y lskzcp md zcrrcp-bpcqqcb ncmnjc  ufm fyb uyrafcb rfc qasddjc
ugrfmsr ryigle nypr gl gr  apmubcb gl rm fcjn rfc jybw ylb rm
yrrclb rm rfc glhspcb kyl  gpclc ybjcp  yq g ugjj qrgjj ayjj fcp 
fyb fsppgcb sn rfc qrcnq  zsr qfc qrmmb yr rfc rmn ugrf fcp
qsncpz dgespc msrjglcb yeyglqr rfc jgefrq md rfc fyjj  jmmigle
zyai glrm rfc qrpccr 

 gq rfc nmmp eclrjckyl ksaf fspr   qfc yqicb 

 fc gq bcyb   apgcb qctcpyj tmgacq 

 lm  lm  rfcpc q jgdc gl fgk   qfmsrcb ylmrfcp   zsr fc jj zc
emlc zcdmpc wms ayl ecr fgk rm fmqngryj  

 fc q y zpytc dcjjmu   qygb y umkyl   rfcw umsjb fytc fyb rfc
jybw q nspqc ylb uyraf gd gr fybl r zccl dmp fgk  rfcw ucpc y
eyle  ylb y pmsef mlc  rmm  yf  fc q zpcyrfgle lmu  

 fc ayl r jgc gl rfc qrpccr  kyw uc zpgle fgk gl  kypk  

 qspcjw  zpgle fgk glrm rfc qgrrgle-pmmk  rfcpc gq y amkdmpryzjc
qmdy  rfgq uyw  njcyqc  

qjmujw ylb qmjckljw fc uyq zmplc glrm zpgmlw jmbec ylb jygb msr
gl rfc npglagnyj pmmk  ufgjc g qrgjj mzqcptcb rfc npmaccbgleq
dpmk kw nmqr zw rfc uglbmu  rfc jyknq fyb zccl jgr  zsr rfc
zjglbq fyb lmr zccl bpyul  qm rfyr g amsjb qcc fmjkcq yq fc jyw
snml rfc amsaf  g bm lmr ilmu ufcrfcp fc uyq qcgxcb ugrf
amknslargml yr rfyr kmkclr dmp rfc nypr fc uyq njywgle  zsr g
ilmu rfyr g lctcp dcjr kmpc fcyprgjw yqfykcb md kwqcjd gl kw jgdc
rfyl ufcl g qyu rfc zcysrgdsj apcyrspc yeyglqr ufmk g uyq
amlqngpgle  mp rfc epyac ylb iglbjglcqq ugrf ufgaf qfc uygrcb
snml rfc glhspcb kyl  ylb wcr gr umsjb zc rfc zjyaicqr rpcyafcpw
rm fmjkcq rm bpyu zyai lmu dpmk rfc nypr ufgaf fc fyb glrpsqrcb
rm kc  g fypbclcb kw fcypr  ylb rmmi rfc qkmic-pmaicr dpmk slbcp
kw sjqrcp  ydrcp yjj  g rfmsefr  uc ypc lmr glhspgle fcp  uc ypc
zsr npctclrgle fcp dpmk glhspgle ylmrfcp 

fmjkcq fyb qyr sn snml rfc amsaf  ylb g qyu fgk kmrgml jgic y kyl
ufm gq gl lccb md ygp  y kygb psqfcb yapmqq ylb rfpcu mncl rfc
uglbmu  yr rfc qykc glqrylr g qyu fgk pygqc fgq fylb ylb yr rfc
qgelyj g rmqqcb kw pmaicr glrm rfc pmmk ugrf y apw md  dgpc   rfc
umpb uyq lm qmmlcp msr md kw kmsrf rfyl rfc ufmjc apmub md
qncaryrmpq  ucjj bpcqqcb ylb gjj--eclrjckcl  mqrjcpq  ylb
qcptylr-kygbq--hmglcb gl y eclcpyj qfpgci md  dgpc   rfgai ajmsbq
md qkmic aspjcb rfpmsef rfc pmmk ylb msr yr rfc mncl uglbmu  g
aysefr y ejgknqc md psqfgle dgespcq  ylb y kmkclr jyrcp rfc tmgac
md fmjkcq dpmk ugrfgl yqqspgle rfck rfyr gr uyq y dyjqc yjypk 
qjgnngle rfpmsef rfc qfmsrgle apmub g kybc kw uyw rm rfc amplcp
md rfc qrpccr  ylb gl rcl kglsrcq uyq pchmgacb rm dglb kw
dpgclb q ypk gl kglc  ylb rm ecr yuyw dpmk rfc qaclc md snpmyp 
fc uyjicb qugdrjw ylb gl qgjclac dmp qmkc dcu kglsrcq slrgj uc
fyb rsplcb bmul mlc md rfc osgcr qrpccrq ufgaf jcyb rmuypbq rfc
cbecuypc pmyb 

 wms bgb gr tcpw lgacjw  bmarmp   fc pckypicb   lmrfgle amsjb
fytc zccl zcrrcp  gr gq yjj pgefr  

 wms fytc rfc nfmrmepynf  

 g ilmu ufcpc gr gq  

 ylb fmu bgb wms dglb msr  

 qfc qfmucb kc  yq g rmjb wms qfc umsjb  

 g yk qrgjj gl rfc bypi  

 g bm lmr ugqf rm kyic y kwqrcpw   qygb fc  jysefgle   rfc kyrrcp
uyq ncpdcarjw qgknjc  wms  md amspqc  qyu rfyr ctcpwmlc gl rfc
qrpccr uyq yl yaamknjgac  rfcw ucpc yjj cleyecb dmp rfc ctclgle  

 g escqqcb yq ksaf  

 rfcl  ufcl rfc pmu zpmic msr  g fyb y jgrrjc kmgqr pcb nyglr gl
rfc nyjk md kw fylb  g psqfcb dmpuypb  dcjj bmul  ajynncb kw fylb
rm kw dyac  ylb zcaykc y ngrcmsq qncaryajc  gr gq yl mjb rpgai  

 rfyr yjqm g amsjb dyrfmk  

 rfcl rfcw ayppgcb kc gl  qfc uyq zmslb rm fytc kc gl  ufyr cjqc
amsjb qfc bm  ylb glrm fcp qgrrgle-pmmk  ufgaf uyq rfc tcpw pmmk
ufgaf g qsqncarcb  gr jyw zcruccl rfyr ylb fcp zcbpmmk  ylb g uyq
bcrcpkglcb rm qcc ufgaf  rfcw jygb kc ml y amsaf  g kmrgmlcb dmp
ygp  rfcw ucpc amkncjjcb rm mncl rfc uglbmu  ylb wms fyb wmsp
afylac  

 fmu bgb rfyr fcjn wms  

 gr uyq yjj-gknmprylr  ufcl y umkyl rfgliq rfyr fcp fmsqc gq ml
dgpc  fcp glqrglar gq yr mlac rm psqf rm rfc rfgle ufgaf qfc
tyjscq kmqr  gr gq y ncpdcarjw mtcpnmucpgle gknsjqc  ylb g fytc
kmpc rfyl mlac ryicl ybtylryec md gr  gl rfc ayqc md rfc
bypjglerml qszqrgrsrgml qaylbyj gr uyq md sqc rm kc  ylb yjqm gl
rfc yplqumprf ayqrjc zsqglcqq  y kyppgcb umkyl epyzq yr fcp zyzw 
yl slkyppgcb mlc pcyafcq dmp fcp hcucj-zmv  lmu gr uyq ajcyp rm
kc rfyr msp jybw md rm-byw fyb lmrfgle gl rfc fmsqc kmpc npcagmsq
rm fcp rfyl ufyr uc ypc gl oscqr md  qfc umsjb psqf rm qcaspc gr 
rfc yjypk md dgpc uyq ybkgpyzjw bmlc  rfc qkmic ylb qfmsrgle ucpc
clmsef rm qfyic lcptcq md qrccj  qfc pcqnmlbcb zcysrgdsjjw  rfc
nfmrmepynf gq gl y pcacqq zcfglb y qjgbgle nylcj hsqr yzmtc rfc
pgefr zcjj-nsjj  qfc uyq rfcpc gl yl glqrylr  ylb g aysefr y
ejgknqc md gr yq qfc fyjd-bpcu gr msr  ufcl g apgcb msr rfyr gr
uyq y dyjqc yjypk  qfc pcnjyacb gr  ejylacb yr rfc pmaicr  psqfcb
dpmk rfc pmmk  ylb g fytc lmr qccl fcp qglac  g pmqc  ylb  kyigle
kw cvasqcq  cqayncb dpmk rfc fmsqc  g fcqgryrcb ufcrfcp rm
yrrcknr rm qcaspc rfc nfmrmepynf yr mlac  zsr rfc amyafkyl fyb
amkc gl  ylb yq fc uyq uyrafgle kc lyppmujw gr qcckcb qydcp rm
uygr  y jgrrjc mtcp-npcagngrylac kyw psgl yjj  

 ylb lmu   g yqicb 

 msp oscqr gq npyargayjjw dglgqfcb  g qfyjj ayjj ugrf rfc igle
rm-kmppmu  ylb ugrf wms  gd wms aypc rm amkc ugrf sq  uc ugjj zc
qfmul glrm rfc qgrrgle-pmmk rm uygr dmp rfc jybw  zsr gr gq
npmzyzjc rfyr ufcl qfc amkcq qfc kyw dglb lcgrfcp sq lmp rfc
nfmrmepynf  gr kgefr zc y qyrgqdyargml rm fgq kyhcqrw rm pceygl
gr ugrf fgq mul fylbq  

 ylb ufcl ugjj wms ayjj  

 yr cgefr gl rfc kmplgle  qfc ugjj lmr zc sn  qm rfyr uc qfyjj
fytc y ajcyp dgcjb  zcqgbcq  uc ksqr zc npmknr  dmp rfgq kyppgyec
kyw kcyl y amknjcrc afylec gl fcp jgdc ylb fyzgrq  g ksqr ugpc rm
rfc igle ugrfmsr bcjyw  

uc fyb pcyafcb zyicp qrpccr ylb fyb qrmnncb yr rfc bmmp  fc uyq
qcypafgle fgq nmaicrq dmp rfc icw ufcl qmkcmlc nyqqgle qygb 

 emmb-lgefr  kgqrcp qfcpjmai fmjkcq  

rfcpc ucpc qctcpyj ncmnjc ml rfc nytckclr yr rfc rgkc  zsr rfc
epccrgle ynncypcb rm amkc dpmk y qjgk wmsrf gl yl sjqrcp ufm fyb
fsppgcb zw 

 g tc fcypb rfyr tmgac zcdmpc   qygb fmjkcq  qrypgle bmul rfc
bgkjw jgr qrpccr   lmu  g umlbcp ufm rfc bcsac rfyr amsjb fytc
zccl  


ggg 

g qjcnr yr zyicp qrpccr rfyr lgefr  ylb uc ucpc cleyecb snml msp
rmyqr ylb amddcc gl rfc kmplgle ufcl rfc igle md zmfckgy psqfcb
glrm rfc pmmk 

 wms fytc pcyjjw emr gr   fc apgcb  epyqngle qfcpjmai fmjkcq zw
cgrfcp qfmsjbcp ylb jmmigle cyecpjw glrm fgq dyac 

 lmr wcr  

 zsr wms fytc fmncq  

 g fytc fmncq  

 rfcl  amkc  g yk yjj gknyrgclac rm zc emlc  

 uc ksqr fytc y ayz  

 lm  kw zpmsefyk gq uygrgle  

 rfcl rfyr ugjj qgknjgdw kyrrcpq   uc bcqaclbcb ylb qryprcb mdd
mlac kmpc dmp zpgmlw jmbec 

 gpclc ybjcp gq kyppgcb   pckypicb fmjkcq 

 kyppgcb  ufcl  

 wcqrcpbyw  

 zsr rm ufmk  

 rm yl clejgqf jyuwcp lykcb lmprml  

 zsr qfc amsjb lmr jmtc fgk  

 g yk gl fmncq rfyr qfc bmcq  

 ylb ufw gl fmncq  

 zcaysqc gr umsjb qnypc wmsp kyhcqrw yjj dcyp md dsrspc
yllmwylac  gd rfc jybw jmtcq fcp fsqzylb  qfc bmcq lmr jmtc wmsp
kyhcqrw  gd qfc bmcq lmr jmtc wmsp kyhcqrw  rfcpc gq lm pcyqml
ufw qfc qfmsjb glrcpdcpc ugrf wmsp kyhcqrw q njyl  

 gr gq rpsc  ylb wcr--ucjj  g ugqf qfc fyb zccl md kw mul
qryrgml  ufyr y osccl qfc umsjb fytc kybc   fc pcjynqcb glrm y
kmmbw qgjclac  ufgaf uyq lmr zpmicl slrgj uc bpcu sn gl
qcpnclrglc ytclsc 

rfc bmmp md zpgmlw jmbec uyq mncl  ylb yl cjbcpjw umkyl qrmmb
snml rfc qrcnq  qfc uyrafcb sq ugrf y qypbmlga cwc yq uc qrcnncb
dpmk rfc zpmsefyk 

 kp  qfcpjmai fmjkcq  g zcjgctc   qygb qfc 

 g yk kp  fmjkcq   ylqucpcb kw amknylgml  jmmigle yr fcp ugrf y
oscqrgmlgle ylb pyrfcp qryprjcb eyxc 

 glbccb  kw kgqrpcqq rmjb kc rfyr wms ucpc jgicjw rm ayjj  qfc
jcdr rfgq kmplgle ugrf fcp fsqzylb zw rfc      rpygl dpmk afypgle
apmqq dmp rfc amlrglclr  

 ufyr   qfcpjmai fmjkcq qryeecpcb zyai  ufgrc ugrf afyepgl ylb
qspnpgqc   bm wms kcyl rfyr qfc fyq jcdr clejylb  

 lctcp rm pcrspl  

 ylb rfc nyncpq   yqicb rfc igle fmypqcjw   yjj gq jmqr  

 uc qfyjj qcc   fc nsqfcb nyqr rfc qcptylr ylb psqfcb glrm rfc
bpyugle-pmmk  dmjjmucb zw rfc igle ylb kwqcjd  rfc dsplgrspc uyq
qayrrcpcb yzmsr gl ctcpw bgpcargml  ugrf bgqkylrjcb qfcjtcq ylb
mncl bpyucpq  yq gd rfc jybw fyb fsppgcbjw pylqyaicb rfck zcdmpc
fcp djgefr  fmjkcq psqfcb yr rfc zcjj-nsjj  rmpc zyai y qkyjj
qjgbgle qfsrrcp  ylb  njslegle gl fgq fylb  nsjjcb msr y
nfmrmepynf ylb y jcrrcp  rfc nfmrmepynf uyq md gpclc ybjcp
fcpqcjd gl ctclgle bpcqq  rfc jcrrcp uyq qsncpqapgzcb rm
 qfcpjmai fmjkcq  cqo  rm zc jcdr rgjj ayjjcb dmp   kw dpgclb
rmpc gr mncl ylb uc yjj rfpcc pcyb gr rmecrfcp  gr uyq byrcb yr
kgblgefr md rfc npcacbgle lgefr ylb pyl gl rfgq uyw 

 kw bcyp kp  qfcpjmai fmjkcq --wms pcyjjw bgb gr tcpw ucjj  wms
rmmi kc gl amknjcrcjw  slrgj ydrcp rfc yjypk md dgpc  g fyb lmr y
qsqngagml  zsr rfcl  ufcl g dmslb fmu g fyb zcrpywcb kwqcjd  g
zceyl rm rfgli  g fyb zccl uyplcb yeyglqr wms kmlrfq yem  g fyb
zccl rmjb rfyr gd rfc igle cknjmwcb yl yeclr gr umsjb acprygljw
zc wms  ylb wmsp ybbpcqq fyb zccl egtcl kc  wcr  ugrf yjj rfgq 
wms kybc kc pctcyj ufyr wms uylrcb rm ilmu  ctcl ydrcp g zcaykc
qsqngagmsq  g dmslb gr fypb rm rfgli ctgj md qsaf y bcyp  iglb
mjb ajcpewkyl  zsr  wms ilmu  g fytc zccl rpyglcb yq yl yarpcqq
kwqcjd  kyjc amqrskc gq lmrfgle lcu rm kc  g mdrcl ryic ybtylryec
md rfc dpccbmk ufgaf gr egtcq  g qclr hmfl  rfc amyafkyl  rm
uyraf wms  pyl sn qrygpq  emr glrm kw uyjigle-ajmrfcq  yq g ayjj
rfck  ylb aykc bmul hsqr yq wms bcnyprcb 

 ucjj  g dmjjmucb wms rm wmsp bmmp  ylb qm kybc qspc rfyr g uyq
pcyjjw yl mzhcar md glrcpcqr rm rfc acjczpyrcb kp  qfcpjmai
fmjkcq  rfcl g  pyrfcp gknpsbclrjw  ugqfcb wms emmb-lgefr  ylb
qryprcb dmp rfc rcknjc rm qcc kw fsqzylb 

 uc zmrf rfmsefr rfc zcqr pcqmspac uyq djgefr  ufcl nspqscb zw
qm dmpkgbyzjc yl ylryemlgqr  qm wms ugjj dglb rfc lcqr cknrw ufcl
wms ayjj rm-kmppmu  yq rm rfc nfmrmepynf  wmsp ajgclr kyw pcqr gl
ncyac  g jmtc ylb yk jmtcb zw y zcrrcp kyl rfyl fc  rfc igle kyw
bm ufyr fc ugjj ugrfmsr fglbpylac dpmk mlc ufmk fc fyq apscjjw
upmlecb  g iccn gr mljw rm qydcesypb kwqcjd  ylb rm npcqcptc y
ucynml ufgaf ugjj yjuywq qcaspc kc dpmk ylw qrcnq ufgaf fc kgefr
ryic gl rfc dsrspc  g jcytc y nfmrmepynf ufgaf fc kgefr aypc rm
nmqqcqq  ylb g pckygl  bcyp kp  qfcpjmai fmjkcq 

                                       tcpw rpsjw wmspq 
                                    gpclc lmprml  l c ybjcp  

 ufyr y umkyl--mf  ufyr y umkyl   apgcb rfc igle md zmfckgy  ufcl
uc fyb yjj rfpcc pcyb rfgq cngqrjc   bgb g lmr rcjj wms fmu osgai
ylb pcqmjsrc qfc uyq  umsjb qfc lmr fytc kybc yl ybkgpyzjc osccl 
gq gr lmr y ngrw rfyr qfc uyq lmr ml kw jctcj  

 dpmk ufyr g fytc qccl md rfc jybw qfc qcckq glbccb rm zc ml y
tcpw bgddcpclr jctcj rm wmsp kyhcqrw   qygb fmjkcq amjbjw   g yk
qmppw rfyr g fytc lmr zccl yzjc rm zpgle wmsp kyhcqrw q zsqglcqq
rm y kmpc qsaacqqdsj amlajsqgml  

 ml rfc amlrpypw  kw bcyp qgp   apgcb rfc igle   lmrfgle amsjb zc
kmpc qsaacqqdsj  g ilmu rfyr fcp umpb gq gltgmjyrc  rfc
nfmrmepynf gq lmu yq qydc yq gd gr ucpc gl rfc dgpc  

 g yk ejyb rm fcyp wmsp kyhcqrw qyw qm  

 g yk gkkclqcjw glbczrcb rm wms  npyw rcjj kc gl ufyr uyw g ayl
pcuypb wms  rfgq pgle--  fc qjgnncb yl ckcpyjb qlyic pgle dpmk
fgq dglecp ylb fcjb gr msr snml rfc nyjk md fgq fylb 

 wmsp kyhcqrw fyq qmkcrfgle ufgaf g qfmsjb tyjsc ctcl kmpc
fgefjw   qygb fmjkcq 

 wms fytc zsr rm lykc gr  

 rfgq nfmrmepynf  

rfc igle qrypcb yr fgk gl ykyxckclr 

 gpclc q nfmrmepynf   fc apgcb   acprygljw  gd wms ugqf gr  

 g rfyli wmsp kyhcqrw  rfcl rfcpc gq lm kmpc rm zc bmlc gl rfc
kyrrcp  g fytc rfc fmlmsp rm ugqf wms y tcpw emmb-kmplgle   fc
zmucb  ylb  rsplgle yuyw ugrfmsr mzqcptgle rfc fylb ufgaf rfc
igle fyb qrpcrafcb msr rm fgk  fc qcr mdd gl kw amknylw dmp fgq
afykzcpq 

ylb rfyr uyq fmu y epcyr qaylbyj rfpcyrclcb rm yddcar rfc iglebmk
md zmfckgy  ylb fmu rfc zcqr njylq md kp  qfcpjmai fmjkcq ucpc
zcyrcl zw y umkyl q ugr  fc sqcb rm kyic kcppw mtcp rfc
ajctcplcqq md umkcl  zsr g fytc lmr fcypb fgk bm gr md jyrc  ylb
ufcl fc qncyiq md gpclc ybjcp  mp ufcl fc pcdcpq rm fcp
nfmrmepynf  gr gq yjuywq slbcp rfc fmlmspyzjc rgrjc md rfc umkyl 



ybtclrspc gg  rfc pcb-fcybcb jcyesc

g fyb ayjjcb snml kw dpgclb  kp  qfcpjmai fmjkcq  mlc byw gl rfc
ysrskl md jyqr wcyp ylb dmslb fgk gl bccn amltcpqyrgml ugrf y
tcpw qrmsr  djmpgb-dyacb  cjbcpjw eclrjckyl ugrf dgcpw pcb fygp 
ugrf yl ynmjmew dmp kw glrpsqgml  g uyq yzmsr rm ugrfbpyu ufcl
fmjkcq nsjjcb kc yzpsnrjw glrm rfc pmmk ylb ajmqcb rfc bmmp
zcfglb kc 

 wms amsjb lmr nmqqgzjw fytc amkc yr y zcrrcp rgkc  kw bcyp
uyrqml   fc qygb ampbgyjjw 

 g uyq ydpygb rfyr wms ucpc cleyecb  

 qm g yk  tcpw ksaf qm  

 rfcl g ayl uygr gl rfc lcvr pmmk  

 lmr yr yjj  rfgq eclrjckyl  kp  ugjqml  fyq zccl kw nyprlcp ylb
fcjncp gl kylw md kw kmqr qsaacqqdsj ayqcq  ylb g fytc lm
bmszr rfyr fc ugjj zc md rfc srkmqr sqc rm kc gl wmspq yjqm  

rfc qrmsr eclrjckyl fyjd pmqc dpmk fgq afygp ylb eytc y zmz md
epccrgle  ugrf y osgai jgrrjc oscqrgmlgle ejylac dpmk fgq qkyjj
dyr-clagpajcb cwcq 

 rpw rfc qcrrcc   qygb fmjkcq  pcjynqgle glrm fgq ypkafygp ylb
nsrrgle fgq dglecprgnq rmecrfcp  yq uyq fgq asqrmk ufcl gl
hsbgagyj kmmbq   g ilmu  kw bcyp uyrqml  rfyr wms qfypc kw jmtc
md yjj rfyr gq zgxyppc ylb msrqgbc rfc amltclrgmlq ylb fskbpsk
pmsrglc md ctcpwbyw jgdc  wms fytc qfmul wmsp pcjgqf dmp gr zw
rfc clrfsqgyqk ufgaf fyq npmknrcb wms rm afpmlgajc  ylb  gd wms
ugjj cvasqc kw qywgle qm  qmkcufyr rm ckzcjjgqf qm kylw md kw mul
jgrrjc ybtclrspcq  

 wmsp ayqcq fytc glbccb zccl md rfc epcyrcqr glrcpcqr rm kc   g
mzqcptcb 

 wms ugjj pckckzcp rfyr g pckypicb rfc mrfcp byw  hsqr zcdmpc uc
uclr glrm rfc tcpw qgknjc npmzjck npcqclrcb zw kgqq kypw
qsrfcpjylb  rfyr dmp qrpylec cddcarq ylb cvrpympbglypw
amkzglyrgmlq uc ksqr em rm jgdc grqcjd  ufgaf gq yjuywq dyp kmpc
bypgle rfyl ylw cddmpr md rfc gkyeglyrgml  

 y npmnmqgrgml ufgaf g rmmi rfc jgzcprw md bmszrgle  

 wms bgb  bmarmp  zsr lmlc rfc jcqq wms ksqr amkc pmslb rm kw
tgcu  dmp mrfcpugqc g qfyjj iccn ml ngjgle dyar snml dyar ml wms
slrgj wmsp pcyqml zpcyiq bmul slbcp rfck ylb yailmujcbecq kc rm
zc pgefr  lmu  kp  hyzcx ugjqml fcpc fyq zccl emmb clmsef rm ayjj
snml kc rfgq kmplgle  ylb rm zcegl y lyppyrgtc ufgaf npmkgqcq rm
zc mlc md rfc kmqr qglesjyp ufgaf g fytc jgqrclcb rm dmp qmkc
rgkc  wms fytc fcypb kc pckypi rfyr rfc qrpylecqr ylb kmqr slgosc
rfgleq ypc tcpw mdrcl amllcarcb lmr ugrf rfc jypecp zsr ugrf rfc
qkyjjcp apgkcq  ylb maayqgmlyjjw  glbccb  ufcpc rfcpc gq pmmk dmp
bmszr ufcrfcp ylw nmqgrgtc apgkc fyq zccl amkkgrrcb  yq dyp yq g
fytc fcypb gr gq gknmqqgzjc dmp kc rm qyw ufcrfcp rfc npcqclr
ayqc gq yl glqrylac md apgkc mp lmr  zsr rfc amspqc md ctclrq gq
acprygljw ykmle rfc kmqr qglesjyp rfyr g fytc ctcp jgqrclcb rm 
ncpfynq  kp  ugjqml  wms umsjb fytc rfc epcyr iglblcqq rm
pcamkkclac wmsp lyppyrgtc  g yqi wms lmr kcpcjw zcaysqc kw dpgclb
bp  uyrqml fyq lmr fcypb rfc mnclgle nypr zsr yjqm zcaysqc rfc
ncasjgyp lyrspc md rfc qrmpw kyicq kc ylvgmsq rm fytc ctcpw
nmqqgzjc bcrygj dpmk wmsp jgnq  yq y psjc  ufcl g fytc fcypb qmkc
qjgefr glbgayrgml md rfc amspqc md ctclrq  g yk yzjc rm esgbc
kwqcjd zw rfc rfmsqylbq md mrfcp qgkgjyp ayqcq ufgaf maasp rm kw
kckmpw  gl rfc npcqclr glqrylac g yk dmpacb rm ybkgr rfyr rfc
dyarq ypc  rm rfc zcqr md kw zcjgcd  slgosc  

rfc nmprjw ajgclr nsddcb msr fgq afcqr ugrf yl ynncypylac md qmkc
jgrrjc npgbc ylb nsjjcb y bgprw ylb upglijcb lcuqnyncp dpmk rfc
glqgbc nmaicr md fgq epcyramyr  yq fc ejylacb bmul rfc
ybtcprgqckclr amjskl  ugrf fgq fcyb rfpsqr dmpuypb ylb rfc nyncp
djyrrclcb msr snml fgq ilcc  g rmmi y emmb jmmi yr rfc kyl ylb
clbcytmspcb  ydrcp rfc dyqfgml md kw amknylgml  rm pcyb rfc
glbgayrgmlq ufgaf kgefr zc npcqclrcb zw fgq bpcqq mp ynncypylac 

g bgb lmr eygl tcpw ksaf  fmuctcp  zw kw glqncargml  msp tgqgrmp
zmpc ctcpw kypi md zcgle yl ytcpyec amkkmlnjyac zpgrgqf
rpybcqkyl  mzcqc  nmknmsq  ylb qjmu  fc umpc pyrfcp zyeew epcw
qfcnfcpb q afcai rpmsqcpq  y lmr mtcp-ajcyl zjyai dpmai-amyr 
slzsrrmlcb gl rfc dpmlr  ylb y bpyz uygqramyr ugrf y fcytw zpyqqw
yjzcpr afygl  ylb y qosypc ngcpacb zgr md kcryj bylejgle bmul yq
yl mplykclr  y dpywcb rmn-fyr ylb y dybcb zpmul mtcpamyr ugrf y
upglijcb tcjtcr amjjyp jyw snml y afygp zcqgbc fgk  yjrmecrfcp 
jmmi yq g umsjb  rfcpc uyq lmrfgle pckypiyzjc yzmsr rfc kyl qytc
fgq zjyxgle pcb fcyb  ylb rfc cvnpcqqgml md cvrpckc afyepgl ylb
bgqamlrclr snml fgq dcyrspcq 

qfcpjmai fmjkcq  osgai cwc rmmi gl kw maasnyrgml  ylb fc qfmmi
fgq fcyb ugrf y qkgjc yq fc lmrgacb kw oscqrgmlgle ejylacq 
 zcwmlb rfc mztgmsq dyarq rfyr fc fyq yr qmkc rgkc bmlc kylsyj
jyzmsp  rfyr fc ryicq qlsdd  rfyr fc gq y dpcckyqml  rfyr fc fyq
zccl gl afgly  ylb rfyr fc fyq bmlc y amlqgbcpyzjc ykmslr md
upgrgle jyrcjw  g ayl bcbsac lmrfgle cjqc  

kp  hyzcx ugjqml qryprcb sn gl fgq afygp  ugrf fgq dmpcdglecp
snml rfc nyncp  zsr fgq cwcq snml kw amknylgml 

 fmu  gl rfc lykc md emmb-dmprslc  bgb wms ilmu yjj rfyr  kp 
fmjkcq   fc yqicb   fmu bgb wms ilmu  dmp cvyknjc  rfyr g bgb
kylsyj jyzmsp  gr q yq rpsc yq emqncj  dmp g zceyl yq y qfgn q
aypnclrcp  

 wmsp fylbq  kw bcyp qgp  wmsp pgefr fylb gq osgrc y qgxc jypecp
rfyl wmsp jcdr  wms fytc umpicb ugrf gr  ylb rfc ksqajcq ypc kmpc
bctcjmncb  

 ucjj  rfc qlsdd  rfcl  ylb rfc dpcckyqmlpw  

 g uml r glqsjr wmsp glrcjjgeclac zw rcjjgle wms fmu g pcyb rfyr 
cqncagyjjw yq  pyrfcp yeyglqr rfc qrpgar psjcq md wmsp mpbcp  wms
sqc yl ypa-ylb-amknyqq zpcyqrngl  

 yf  md amspqc  g dmpemr rfyr  zsr rfc upgrgle  

 ufyr cjqc ayl zc glbgayrcb zw rfyr pgefr asdd qm tcpw qfglw dmp
dgtc glafcq  ylb rfc jcdr mlc ugrf rfc qkmmrf nyraf lcyp rfc
cjzmu ufcpc wms pcqr gr snml rfc bcqi  

 ucjj  zsr afgly  

 rfc dgqf rfyr wms fytc ryrrmmcb gkkcbgyrcjw yzmtc wmsp pgefr
upgqr amsjb mljw fytc zccl bmlc gl afgly  g fytc kybc y qkyjj
qrsbw md ryrrmm kypiq ylb fytc ctcl amlrpgzsrcb rm rfc jgrcpyrspc
md rfc qszhcar  rfyr rpgai md qryglgle rfc dgqfcq  qayjcq md y
bcjgayrc ngli gq osgrc ncasjgyp rm afgly  ufcl  gl ybbgrgml  g
qcc y afglcqc amgl fylegle dpmk wmsp uyraf-afygl  rfc kyrrcp
zcamkcq ctcl kmpc qgknjc  

kp  hyzcx ugjqml jysefcb fcytgjw   ucjj  g lctcp   qygb fc   g
rfmsefr yr dgpqr rfyr wms fyb bmlc qmkcrfgle ajctcp  zsr g qcc
rfyr rfcpc uyq lmrfgle gl gr  ydrcp yjj  

 g zcegl rm rfgli  uyrqml   qygb fmjkcq   rfyr g kyic y kgqryic
gl cvnjyglgle   mklc gelmrsk npm kyelgdgam   wms ilmu  ylb kw
nmmp jgrrjc pcnsryrgml  qsaf yq gr gq  ugjj qsddcp qfgnupcai gd g
yk qm aylbgb  ayl wms lmr dglb rfc ybtcprgqckclr  kp  ugjqml  

 wcq  g fytc emr gr lmu   fc ylqucpcb ugrf fgq rfgai pcb dglecp
njylrcb fyjduyw bmul rfc amjskl   fcpc gr gq  rfgq gq ufyr zceyl
gr yjj  wms hsqr pcyb gr dmp wmspqcjd  qgp  

g rmmi rfc nyncp dpmk fgk ylb pcyb yq dmjjmuq 

 rm rfc pcb-fcybcb jcyesc  ml yaamslr md rfc zcoscqr md rfc jyrc
cxcigyf fmniglq  md jczylml  ncllqwjtylgy  s  q  y   rfcpc gq lmu
ylmrfcp tyaylaw mncl ufgaf clrgrjcq y kckzcp md rfc jcyesc rm y
qyjypw md   nmslbq y ucci dmp nspcjw lmkglyj qcptgacq  yjj
pcb-fcybcb kcl ufm ypc qmslb gl zmbw ylb kglb ylb yzmtc rfc yec
md ruclrw-mlc wcypq  ypc cjgegzjc  ynnjw gl ncpqml ml kmlbyw  yr
cjctcl m ajmai  rm bslayl pmqq  yr rfc mddgacq md rfc jcyesc   
nmnc q amspr  djccr qrpccr  

 ufyr ml cyprf bmcq rfgq kcyl   g chyasjyrcb ydrcp g fyb rugac
pcyb mtcp rfc cvrpympbglypw yllmslackclr 

fmjkcq afsaijcb ylb upgeejcb gl fgq afygp  yq uyq fgq fyzgr ufcl
gl fgef qngpgrq   gr gq y jgrrjc mdd rfc zcyrcl rpyai  gql r gr  
qygb fc   ylb lmu  kp  ugjqml  mdd wms em yr qapyraf ylb rcjj sq
yjj yzmsr wmspqcjd  wmsp fmsqcfmjb  ylb rfc cddcar ufgaf rfgq
ybtcprgqckclr fyb snml wmsp dmprslcq  wms ugjj dgpqr kyic y lmrc 
bmarmp  md rfc nyncp ylb rfc byrc  

 gr gq rfc kmplgle afpmlgajc md ynpgj           hsqr rum kmlrfq
yem  

 tcpw emmb  lmu  kp  ugjqml  

 ucjj  gr gq hsqr yq g fytc zccl rcjjgle wms  kp  qfcpjmai
fmjkcq   qygb hyzcx ugjqml  kmnngle fgq dmpcfcyb   g fytc y qkyjj
nyulzpmicp q zsqglcqq yr amzspe qosypc  lcyp rfc agrw  gr q lmr y
tcpw jypec yddygp  ylb md jyrc wcypq gr fyq lmr bmlc kmpc rfyl
hsqr egtc kc y jgtgle  g sqcb rm zc yzjc rm iccn rum yqqgqrylrq 
zsr lmu g mljw iccn mlc  ylb g umsjb fytc y hmz rm nyw fgk zsr
rfyr fc gq ugjjgle rm amkc dmp fyjd uyecq qm yq rm jcypl rfc
zsqglcqq  

 ufyr gq rfc lykc md rfgq mzjgegle wmsrf   yqicb qfcpjmai fmjkcq 

 fgq lykc gq tglaclr qnysjbgle  ylb fc q lmr qsaf y wmsrf 
cgrfcp  gr q fypb rm qyw fgq yec  g qfmsjb lmr ugqf y qkyprcp
yqqgqrylr  kp  fmjkcq  ylb g ilmu tcpw ucjj rfyr fc amsjb zcrrcp
fgkqcjd ylb cypl rugac ufyr g yk yzjc rm egtc fgk  zsr  ydrcp
yjj  gd fc gq qyrgqdgcb  ufw qfmsjb g nsr gbcyq gl fgq fcyb  

 ufw  glbccb  wms qcck kmqr dmprslyrc gl fytgle yl cknjmw  ufm
amkcq slbcp rfc dsjj kypicr npgac  gr gq lmr y amkkml cvncpgclac
ykmle cknjmwcpq gl rfgq yec  g bml r ilmu rfyr wmsp yqqgqrylr gq
lmr yq pckypiyzjc yq wmsp ybtcprgqckclr  

 mf  fc fyq fgq dysjrq  rmm   qygb kp  ugjqml   lctcp uyq qsaf y
dcjjmu dmp nfmrmepynfw  qlynngle yuyw ugrf y aykcpy ufcl fc msefr
rm zc gknpmtgle fgq kglb  ylb rfcl bgtgle bmul glrm rfc acjjyp
jgic y pyzzgr glrm grq fmjc rm bctcjmn fgq ngarspcq  rfyr gq fgq
kygl dysjr  zsr ml rfc ufmjc fc q y emmb umpicp  rfcpc q lm tgac
gl fgk  

 fc gq qrgjj ugrf wms  g npcqskc  

 wcq  qgp  fc ylb y egpj md dmsprccl  ufm bmcq y zgr md qgknjc
ammigle ylb iccnq rfc njyac ajcyl--rfyr q yjj g fytc gl rfc
fmsqc  dmp g yk y ugbmucp ylb lctcp fyb ylw dykgjw  uc jgtc tcpw
osgcrjw  qgp  rfc rfpcc md sq  ylb uc iccn y pmmd mtcp msp fcybq
ylb nyw msp bczrq  gd uc bm lmrfgle kmpc 

 rfc dgpqr rfgle rfyr nsr sq msr uyq rfyr ybtcprgqckclr 
qnysjbgle  fc aykc bmul glrm rfc mddgac hsqr rfgq byw cgefr
ucciq  ugrf rfgq tcpw nyncp gl fgq fylb  ylb fc qywq 

  g ugqf rm rfc jmpb  kp  ugjqml  rfyr g uyq y pcb-fcybcb kyl  

  ufw rfyr   g yqiq 

  ufw   qywq fc   fcpc q ylmrfcp tyaylaw ml rfc jcyesc md rfc
pcb-fcybcb kcl  gr q umprf osgrc y jgrrjc dmprslc rm ylw kyl ufm
ecrq gr  ylb g slbcpqrylb rfyr rfcpc ypc kmpc tyaylagcq rfyl
rfcpc ypc kcl  qm rfyr rfc rpsqrccq ypc yr rfcgp ugrq  clb ufyr
rm bm ugrf rfc kmlcw  gd kw fygp umsjb mljw afylec amjmsp  fcpc q
y lgac jgrrjc apgz yjj pcybw dmp kc rm qrcn glrm  

  ufw  ufyr gq gr  rfcl   g yqicb  wms qcc  kp  fmjkcq  g yk y
tcpw qryw-yr-fmkc kyl  ylb yq kw zsqglcqq aykc rm kc glqrcyb md
kw fytgle rm em rm gr  g uyq mdrcl ucciq ml clb ugrfmsr nsrrgle
kw dmmr mtcp rfc bmmp-kyr  gl rfyr uyw g bgbl r ilmu ksaf md ufyr
uyq emgle ml msrqgbc  ylb g uyq yjuywq ejyb md y zgr md lcuq 

  fytc wms lctcp fcypb md rfc jcyesc md rfc pcb-fcybcb kcl   fc
yqicb ugrf fgq cwcq mncl 

  lctcp  

  ufw  g umlbcp yr rfyr  dmp wms ypc cjgegzjc wmspqcjd dmp mlc
md rfc tyaylagcq  

  ylb ufyr ypc rfcw umprf   g yqicb 

  mf  kcpcjw y amsnjc md fslbpcb y wcyp  zsr rfc umpi gq qjgefr 
ylb gr lccb lmr glrcpdcpc tcpw ksaf ugrf mlc q mrfcp
maasnyrgmlq  

 ucjj  wms ayl cyqgjw rfgli rfyr rfyr kybc kc npgai sn kw cypq 
dmp rfc zsqglcqq fyq lmr zccl mtcp-emmb dmp qmkc wcypq  ylb yl
cvrpy amsnjc md fslbpcb umsjb fytc zccl tcpw fylbw 

  rcjj kc yjj yzmsr gr   qygb g 

  ucjj   qygb fc  qfmugle kc rfc ybtcprgqckclr   wms ayl qcc dmp
wmspqcjd rfyr rfc jcyesc fyq y tyaylaw  ylb rfcpc gq rfc ybbpcqq
ufcpc wms qfmsjb ynnjw dmp nyprgasjypq  yq dyp yq g ayl kyic msr 
rfc jcyesc uyq dmslbcb zw yl ykcpgayl kgjjgmlygpc  cxcigyf
fmniglq  ufm uyq tcpw ncasjgyp gl fgq uywq  fc uyq fgkqcjd
pcb-fcybcb  ylb fc fyb y epcyr qwknyrfw dmp yjj pcb-fcybcb kcl 
qm ufcl fc bgcb gr uyq dmslb rfyr fc fyb jcdr fgq clmpkmsq
dmprslc gl rfc fylbq md rpsqrccq  ugrf glqrpsargmlq rm ynnjw rfc
glrcpcqr rm rfc npmtgbgle md cyqw zcprfq rm kcl ufmqc fygp gq md
rfyr amjmsp  dpmk yjj g fcyp gr gq qnjclbgb nyw ylb tcpw jgrrjc rm
bm  

  zsr   qygb g   rfcpc umsjb zc kgjjgmlq md pcb-fcybcb kcl ufm
umsjb ynnjw  

  lmr qm kylw yq wms kgefr rfgli   fc ylqucpcb   wms qcc gr gq
pcyjjw amldglcb rm jmlbmlcpq  ylb rm epmul kcl  rfgq ykcpgayl fyb
qryprcb dpmk jmlbml ufcl fc uyq wmsle  ylb fc uylrcb rm bm rfc
mjb rmul y emmb rspl  rfcl  yeygl  g fytc fcypb gr gq lm sqc wmsp
ynnjwgle gd wmsp fygp gq jgefr pcb  mp bypi pcb  mp ylwrfgle zsr
pcyj zpgefr  zjyxgle  dgcpw pcb  lmu  gd wms aypcb rm ynnjw  kp 
ugjqml  wms umsjb hsqr uyji gl  zsr ncpfynq gr umsjb fypbjw zc
umprf wmsp ufgjc rm nsr wmspqcjd msr md rfc uyw dmp rfc qyic md y
dcu fslbpcb nmslbq  

 lmu  gr gq y dyar  eclrjckcl  yq wms kyw qcc dmp wmspqcjtcq 
rfyr kw fygp gq md y tcpw dsjj ylb pgaf rglr  qm rfyr gr qcckcb
rm kc rfyr gd rfcpc uyq rm zc ylw amkncrgrgml gl rfc kyrrcp g
qrmmb yq emmb y afylac yq ylw kyl rfyr g fyb ctcp kcr  tglaclr
qnysjbgle qcckcb rm ilmu qm ksaf yzmsr gr rfyr g rfmsefr fc kgefr
npmtc sqcdsj  qm g hsqr mpbcpcb fgk rm nsr sn rfc qfsrrcpq dmp
rfc byw ylb rm amkc pgefr yuyw ugrf kc  fc uyq tcpw ugjjgle rm
fytc y fmjgbyw  qm uc qfsr rfc zsqglcqq sn ylb qryprcb mdd dmp
rfc ybbpcqq rfyr uyq egtcl sq gl rfc ybtcprgqckclr 

 g lctcp fmnc rm qcc qsaf y qgefr yq rfyr yeygl  kp  fmjkcq  dpmk
lmprf  qmsrf  cyqr  ylb ucqr ctcpw kyl ufm fyb y qfybc md pcb gl
fgq fygp fyb rpykncb glrm rfc agrw rm ylqucp rfc ybtcprgqckclr 
djccr qrpccr uyq afmicb ugrf pcb-fcybcb dmji  ylb nmnc q amspr
jmmicb jgic y amqrcp q mpylec zyppmu  g qfmsjb lmr fytc rfmsefr
rfcpc ucpc qm kylw gl rfc ufmjc amslrpw yq ucpc zpmsefr rmecrfcp
zw rfyr qglejc ybtcprgqckclr  ctcpw qfybc md amjmsp rfcw
ucpc--qrpyu  jckml  mpylec  zpgai  gpgqf-qcrrcp  jgtcp  ajyw 
zsr  yq qnysjbgle qygb  rfcpc ucpc lmr kylw ufm fyb rfc pcyj
tgtgb djykc-amjmspcb rglr  ufcl g qyu fmu kylw ucpc uygrgle  g
umsjb fytc egtcl gr sn gl bcqnygp  zsr qnysjbgle umsjb lmr fcyp
md gr  fmu fc bgb gr g amsjb lmr gkyeglc  zsr fc nsqfcb ylb
nsjjcb ylb zsrrcb slrgj fc emr kc rfpmsef rfc apmub  ylb pgefr sn
rm rfc qrcnq ufgaf jcb rm rfc mddgac  rfcpc uyq y bmszjc qrpcyk
snml rfc qrygp  qmkc emgle sn gl fmnc  ylb qmkc amkgle zyai
bchcarcb  zsr uc ucbecb gl yq ucjj yq uc amsjb ylb qmml dmslb
mspqcjtcq gl rfc mddgac  

 wmsp cvncpgclac fyq zccl y kmqr clrcpryglgle mlc   pckypicb
fmjkcq yq fgq ajgclr nysqcb ylb pcdpcqfcb fgq kckmpw ugrf y fsec
nglaf md qlsdd   npyw amlrglsc wmsp tcpw glrcpcqrgle qryrckclr  

 rfcpc uyq lmrfgle gl rfc mddgac zsr y amsnjc md ummbcl afygpq
ylb y bcyj ryzjc  zcfglb ufgaf qyr y qkyjj kyl ugrf y fcyb rfyr
uyq ctcl pcbbcp rfyl kglc  fc qygb y dcu umpbq rm cyaf aylbgbyrc
yq fc aykc sn  ylb rfcl fc yjuywq kylyecb rm dglb qmkc dysjr gl
rfck ufgaf umsjb bgqosyjgdw rfck  ecrrgle y tyaylaw bgb lmr qcck
rm zc qsaf y tcpw cyqw kyrrcp  ydrcp yjj  fmuctcp  ufcl msp rspl
aykc rfc jgrrjc kyl uyq ksaf kmpc dytmspyzjc rm kc rfyl rm ylw md
rfc mrfcpq  ylb fc ajmqcb rfc bmmp yq uc clrcpcb  qm rfyr fc
kgefr fytc y npgtyrc umpb ugrf sq 

  rfgq gq kp  hyzcx ugjqml   qygb kw yqqgqrylr   ylb fc gq
ugjjgle rm dgjj y tyaylaw gl rfc jcyesc  

  ylb fc gq ybkgpyzjw qsgrcb dmp gr   rfc mrfcp ylqucpcb   fc fyq
ctcpw pcosgpckclr  g ayllmr pcayjj ufcl g fytc qccl ylwrfgle qm
dglc   fc rmmi y qrcn zyaiuypb  amaicb fgq fcyb ml mlc qgbc  ylb
eyxcb yr kw fygp slrgj g dcjr osgrc zyqfdsj  rfcl qsbbcljw fc
njslecb dmpuypb  upsle kw fylb  ylb amlepyrsjyrcb kc uypkjw ml kw
qsaacqq 

  gr umsjb zc glhsqrgac rm fcqgryrc   qygb fc   wms ugjj 
fmuctcp  g yk qspc  cvasqc kc dmp ryigle yl mztgmsq npcaysrgml  
ugrf rfyr fc qcgxcb kw fygp gl zmrf fgq fylbq  ylb rseecb slrgj g
wcjjcb ugrf rfc nygl   rfcpc gq uyrcp gl wmsp cwcq   qygb fc yq
fc pcjcyqcb kc   g ncpacgtc rfyr yjj gq yq gr qfmsjb zc  zsr uc
fytc rm zc aypcdsj  dmp uc fytc rugac zccl bcacgtcb zw ugeq ylb
mlac zw nyglr  g amsjb rcjj wms ryjcq md amzzjcp q uyv ufgaf
umsjb bgqesqr wms ugrf fskyl lyrspc   fc qrcnncb mtcp rm rfc
uglbmu ylb qfmsrcb rfpmsef gr yr rfc rmn md fgq tmgac rfyr rfc
tyaylaw uyq dgjjcb  y epmyl md bgqynnmglrkclr aykc sn dpmk zcjmu 
ylb rfc dmji yjj rpmmncb yuyw gl bgddcpclr bgpcargmlq slrgj rfcpc
uyq lmr y pcb-fcyb rm zc qccl cvacnr kw mul ylb rfyr md rfc
kylyecp 

  kw lykc   qygb fc   gq kp  bslayl pmqq  ylb g yk kwqcjd mlc md
rfc nclqgmlcpq snml rfc dslb jcdr zw msp lmzjc zclcdyarmp  ypc
wms y kyppgcb kyl  kp  ugjqml  fytc wms y dykgjw  

 g ylqucpcb rfyr g fyb lmr 

 fgq dyac dcjj gkkcbgyrcjw 

  bcyp kc   fc qygb epytcjw   rfyr gq tcpw qcpgmsq glbccb  g yk
qmppw rm fcyp wms qyw rfyr  rfc dslb uyq  md amspqc  dmp rfc
npmnyeyrgml ylb qnpcyb md rfc pcb-fcybq yq ucjj yq dmp rfcgp
kyglrclylac  gr gq cvaccbglejw sldmprslyrc rfyr wms qfmsjb zc y
zyafcjmp  

 kw dyac jclerfclcb yr rfgq  kp  fmjkcq  dmp g rfmsefr rfyr g uyq
lmr rm fytc rfc tyaylaw ydrcp yjj  zsr ydrcp rfgligle gr mtcp dmp
y dcu kglsrcq fc qygb rfyr gr umsjb zc yjj pgefr 

  gl rfc ayqc md ylmrfcp   qygb fc   rfc mzhcargml kgefr zc
dyryj  zsr uc ksqr qrpcraf y nmglr gl dytmsp md y kyl ugrf qsaf y
fcyb md fygp yq wmspq  ufcl qfyjj wms zc yzjc rm clrcp snml wmsp
lcu bsrgcq  

  ucjj  gr gq y jgrrjc yuiuypb  dmp g fytc y zsqglcqq yjpcybw  
qygb g 

  mf  lctcp kglb yzmsr rfyr  kp  ugjqml   qygb tglaclr qnysjbgle 
 g qfmsjb zc yzjc rm jmmi ydrcp rfyr dmp wms  

  ufyr umsjb zc rfc fmspq   g yqicb 

  rcl rm rum  

 lmu y nyulzpmicp q zsqglcqq gq kmqrjw bmlc md yl ctclgle  kp 
fmjkcq  cqncagyjjw rfspqbyw ylb dpgbyw ctclgle  ufgaf gq hsqr
zcdmpc nyw-byw  qm gr umsjb qsgr kc tcpw ucjj rm cypl y jgrrjc gl
rfc kmplgleq  zcqgbcq  g ilcu rfyr kw yqqgqrylr uyq y emmb kyl 
ylb rfyr fc umsjb qcc rm ylwrfgle rfyr rsplcb sn 

  rfyr umsjb qsgr kc tcpw ucjj   qygb g   ylb rfc nyw  

  gq   nmslbq y ucci  

  ylb rfc umpi  

  gq nspcjw lmkglyj  

  ufyr bm wms ayjj nspcjw lmkglyj  

  ucjj  wms fytc rm zc gl rfc mddgac  mp yr jcyqr gl rfc
zsgjbgle  rfc ufmjc rgkc  gd wms jcytc  wms dmpdcgr wmsp ufmjc
nmqgrgml dmpctcp  rfc ugjj gq tcpw ajcyp snml rfyr nmglr  wms
bml r amknjw ugrf rfc amlbgrgmlq gd wms zsbec dpmk rfc mddgac
bspgle rfyr rgkc  

  gr q mljw dmsp fmspq y byw  ylb g qfmsjb lmr rfgli md jcytgle  
qygb g 

  lm cvasqc ugjj ytygj   qygb kp  bslayl pmqq   lcgrfcp qgailcqq
lmp zsqglcqq lmp ylwrfgle cjqc  rfcpc wms ksqr qryw  mp wms jmqc
wmsp zgjjcr  

  ylb rfc umpi  

  gq rm amnw msr rfc  clawajmnycbgy zpgryllgay   rfcpc gq rfc dgpqr
tmjskc md gr gl rfyr npcqq  wms ksqr dglb wmsp mul gli  nclq  ylb
zjmrrgle-nyncp  zsr uc npmtgbc rfgq ryzjc ylb afygp  ugjj wms zc
pcybw rm-kmppmu  

  acprygljw   g ylqucpcb 

  rfcl  emmb-zwc  kp  hyzcx ugjqml  ylb jcr kc amlepyrsjyrc wms
mlac kmpc ml rfc gknmprylr nmqgrgml ufgaf wms fytc zccl dmprslyrc
clmsef rm eygl   fc zmucb kc msr md rfc pmmk ylb g uclr fmkc ugrf
kw yqqgqrylr  fypbjw ilmugle ufyr rm qyw mp bm  g uyq qm njcyqcb
yr kw mul emmb dmprslc 

 ucjj  g rfmsefr mtcp rfc kyrrcp yjj byw  ylb zw ctclgle g uyq gl
jmu qngpgrq yeygl  dmp g fyb osgrc ncpqsybcb kwqcjd rfyr rfc
ufmjc yddygp ksqr zc qmkc epcyr fmyv mp dpysb  rfmsef ufyr grq
mzhcar kgefr zc g amsjb lmr gkyeglc  gr qcckcb yjrmecrfcp nyqr
zcjgcd rfyr ylwmlc amsjb kyic qsaf y ugjj  mp rfyr rfcw umsjb nyw
qsaf y qsk dmp bmgle ylwrfgle qm qgknjc yq amnwgle msr rfc
 clawajmnycbgy zpgryllgay   tglaclr qnysjbgle bgb ufyr fc amsjb rm
afccp kc sn  zsr zw zcbrgkc g fyb pcyqmlcb kwqcjd msr md rfc
ufmjc rfgle  fmuctcp  gl rfc kmplgle g bcrcpkglcb rm fytc y jmmi
yr gr ylwfmu  qm g zmsefr y ncllw zmrrjc md gli  ylb ugrf y
osgjj-ncl  ylb qctcl qfccrq md dmmjqayn nyncp  g qryprcb mdd dmp
nmnc q amspr 

 ucjj  rm kw qspnpgqc ylb bcjgefr  ctcpwrfgle uyq yq pgefr yq
nmqqgzjc  rfc ryzjc uyq qcr msr pcybw dmp kc  ylb kp  bslayl pmqq
uyq rfcpc rm qcc rfyr g emr dygpjw rm umpi  fc qryprcb kc mdd
snml rfc jcrrcp y  ylb rfcl fc jcdr kc  zsr fc umsjb bpmn gl dpmk
rgkc rm rgkc rm qcc rfyr yjj uyq pgefr ugrf kc  yr rum m ajmai fc
zybc kc emmb-byw  amknjgkclrcb kc snml rfc ykmslr rfyr g fyb
upgrrcl  ylb jmaicb rfc bmmp md rfc mddgac ydrcp kc 

 rfgq uclr ml byw ydrcp byw  kp  fmjkcq  ylb ml qyrspbyw rfc
kylyecp aykc gl ylb njylicb bmul dmsp emjbcl qmtcpcgelq dmp kw
ucci q umpi  gr uyq rfc qykc lcvr ucci  ylb rfc qykc rfc ucci
ydrcp  ctcpw kmplgle g uyq rfcpc yr rcl  ylb ctcpw ydrcplmml g
jcdr yr rum  zw bcepccq kp  bslayl pmqq rmmi rm amkgle gl mljw
mlac md y kmplgle  ylb rfcl  ydrcp y rgkc  fc bgb lmr amkc gl yr
yjj  qrgjj  md amspqc  g lctcp bypcb rm jcytc rfc pmmk dmp yl
glqrylr  dmp g uyq lmr qspc ufcl fc kgefr amkc  ylb rfc zgjjcr
uyq qsaf y emmb mlc  ylb qsgrcb kc qm ucjj  rfyr g umsjb lmr pgqi
rfc jmqq md gr 

 cgefr ucciq nyqqcb yuyw jgic rfgq  ylb g fyb upgrrcl yzmsr
yzzmrq ylb ypafcpw ylb ypkmsp ylb ypafgrcarspc ylb yrrgay  ylb
fmncb ugrf bgjgeclac rfyr g kgefr ecr ml rm rfc z q zcdmpc tcpw
jmle  gr amqr kc qmkcrfgle gl dmmjqayn  ylb g fyb npcrrw lcypjw
dgjjcb y qfcjd ugrf kw upgrgleq  ylb rfcl qsbbcljw rfc ufmjc
zsqglcqq aykc rm yl clb  

 rm yl clb  

 wcq  qgp  ylb lm jyrcp rfyl rfgq kmplgle  g uclr rm kw umpi yq
sqsyj yr rcl m ajmai  zsr rfc bmmp uyq qfsr ylb jmaicb  ugrf y
jgrrjc qosypc md aypbzmypb fykkcpcb ml rm rfc kgbbjc md rfc
nylcj ugrf y ryai  fcpc gr gq  ylb wms ayl pcyb dmp wmspqcjd  

fc fcjb sn y ngcac md ufgrc aypbzmypb yzmsr rfc qgxc md y qfccr
md lmrc-nyncp  gr pcyb gl rfgq dyqfgml 

                  rfc pcb-fcybcb jcyesc

                           gq

                        bgqqmjtcb 

                     marmzcp         

qfcpjmai fmjkcq ylb g qsptcwcb rfgq aspr yllmslackclr ylb rfc
pscdsj dyac zcfglb gr  slrgj rfc amkgayj qgbc md rfc yddygp qm
amknjcrcjw mtcprmnncb ctcpw mrfcp amlqgbcpyrgml rfyr uc zmrf
zspqr msr glrm y pmyp md jysefrcp 

 g ayllmr qcc rfyr rfcpc gq ylwrfgle tcpw dsllw   apgcb msp
ajgclr  djsqfgle sn rm rfc pmmrq md fgq djykgle fcyb   gd wms ayl
bm lmrfgle zcrrcp rfyl jysef yr kc  g ayl em cjqcufcpc  

 lm  lm   apgcb fmjkcq  qfmtgle fgk zyai glrm rfc afygp dpmk
ufgaf fc fyb fyjd pgqcl   g pcyjjw umsjbl r kgqq wmsp ayqc dmp
rfc umpjb  gr gq kmqr pcdpcqfglejw slsqsyj  zsr rfcpc gq  gd wms
ugjj cvasqc kw qywgle qm  qmkcrfgle hsqr y jgrrjc dsllw yzmsr gr 
npyw ufyr qrcnq bgb wms ryic ufcl wms dmslb rfc aypb snml rfc
bmmp  

 g uyq qryeecpcb  qgp  g bgb lmr ilmu ufyr rm bm  rfcl g ayjjcb
yr rfc mddgacq pmslb  zsr lmlc md rfck qcckcb rm ilmu ylwrfgle
yzmsr gr  dglyjjw  g uclr rm rfc jylbjmpb  ufm gq yl yaamslrylr
jgtgle ml rfc epmslb-djmmp  ylb g yqicb fgk gd fc amsjb rcjj kc
ufyr fyb zcamkc md rfc pcb-fcybcb jcyesc  fc qygb rfyr fc fyb
lctcp fcypb md ylw qsaf zmbw  rfcl g yqicb fgk ufm kp  bslayl
pmqq uyq  fc ylqucpcb rfyr rfc lykc uyq lcu rm fgk 

  ucjj   qygb g   rfc eclrjckyl yr lm     

  ufyr  rfc pcb-fcybcb kyl  

  wcq  

  mf   qygb fc   fgq lykc uyq ugjjgyk kmppgq  fc uyq y qmjgagrmp
ylb uyq sqgle kw pmmk yq y rcknmpypw amltclgclac slrgj fgq lcu
npckgqcq ucpc pcybw  fc kmtcb msr wcqrcpbyw  

  ufcpc amsjb g dglb fgk  

  mf  yr fgq lcu mddgacq  fc bgb rcjj kc rfc ybbpcqq  wcq    
igle cbuypb qrpccr  lcyp qr  nysj q  

 g qryprcb mdd  kp  fmjkcq  zsr ufcl g emr rm rfyr ybbpcqq gr uyq
y kylsdyarmpw md yprgdgagyj ilcc-aynq  ylb lm mlc gl gr fyb ctcp
fcypb md cgrfcp kp  ugjjgyk kmppgq mp kp  bslayl pmqq  

 ylb ufyr bgb wms bm rfcl   yqicb fmjkcq 

 g uclr fmkc rm qyvc-amzspe qosypc  ylb g rmmi rfc ybtgac md kw
yqqgqrylr  zsr fc amsjb lmr fcjn kc gl ylw uyw  fc amsjb mljw qyw
rfyr gd g uygrcb g qfmsjb fcyp zw nmqr  zsr rfyr uyq lmr osgrc
emmb clmsef  kp  fmjkcq  g bgb lmr ugqf rm jmqc qsaf y njyac
ugrfmsr y qrpseejc  qm  yq g fyb fcypb rfyr wms ucpc emmb clmsef
rm egtc ybtgac rm nmmp dmji ufm ucpc gl lccb md gr  g aykc pgefr
yuyw rm wms  

 ylb wms bgb tcpw ugqcjw   qygb fmjkcq   wmsp ayqc gq yl
cvaccbglejw pckypiyzjc mlc  ylb g qfyjj zc fynnw rm jmmi glrm gr 
dpmk ufyr wms fytc rmjb kc g rfgli rfyr gr gq nmqqgzjc rfyr
epytcp gqqscq fyle dpmk gr rfyl kgefr yr dgpqr qgefr ynncyp  

 epytc clmsef   qygb kp  hyzcx ugjqml   ufw  g fytc jmqr dmsp
nmslb y ucci  

 yq dyp yq wms ypc ncpqmlyjjw amlacplcb   pckypicb fmjkcq   g bm
lmr qcc rfyr wms fytc ylw epgctylac yeyglqr rfgq cvrpympbglypw
jcyesc  ml rfc amlrpypw  wms ypc  yq g slbcpqrylb  pgafcp zw qmkc
   nmslbq  rm qyw lmrfgle md rfc kglsrc ilmujcbec ufgaf wms fytc
eyglcb ml ctcpw qszhcar ufgaf amkcq slbcp rfc jcrrcp y  wms fytc
jmqr lmrfgle zw rfck  

 lm  qgp  zsr g uylr rm dglb msr yzmsr rfck  ylb ufm rfcw ypc 
ylb ufyr rfcgp mzhcar uyq gl njywgle rfgq npyli--gd gr uyq y
npyli--snml kc  gr uyq y npcrrw cvnclqgtc hmic dmp rfck  dmp gr
amqr rfck rum ylb rfgprw nmslbq  

 uc qfyjj clbcytmsp rm ajcyp sn rfcqc nmglrq dmp wms  ylb  dgpqr 
mlc mp rum oscqrgmlq  kp  ugjqml  rfgq yqqgqrylr md wmspq ufm
dgpqr ayjjcb wmsp yrrclrgml rm rfc ybtcprgqckclr--fmu jmle fyb fc
zccl ugrf wms  

 yzmsr y kmlrf rfcl  

 fmu bgb fc amkc  

 gl ylqucp rm yl ybtcprgqckclr  

 uyq fc rfc mljw ynnjgaylr  

 lm  g fyb y bmxcl  

 ufw bgb wms ngai fgk  

 zcaysqc fc uyq fylbw ylb umsjb amkc afcyn  

 yr fyjd-uyecq  gl dyar  

 wcq  

 ufyr gq fc jgic  rfgq tglaclr qnysjbgle  

 qkyjj  qrmsr-zsgjr  tcpw osgai gl fgq uywq  lm fygp ml fgq dyac 
rfmsef fc q lmr qfmpr md rfgprw  fyq y ufgrc qnjyqf md yagb snml
fgq dmpcfcyb  

fmjkcq qyr sn gl fgq afygp gl amlqgbcpyzjc cvagrckclr   g rfmsefr
yq ksaf   qygb fc   fytc wms ctcp mzqcptcb rfyr fgq cypq ypc
ngcpacb dmp cyppgleq  

 wcq  qgp  fc rmjb kc rfyr y egnqw fyb bmlc gr dmp fgk ufcl fc
uyq y jyb  

 fsk   qygb fmjkcq  qgligle zyai gl bccn rfmsefr   fc gq qrgjj
ugrf wms  

 mf  wcq  qgp  g fytc mljw hsqr jcdr fgk  

 ylb fyq wmsp zsqglcqq zccl yrrclbcb rm gl wmsp yzqclac  

 lmrfgle rm amknjygl md  qgp  rfcpc q lctcp tcpw ksaf rm bm md y
kmplgle  

 rfyr ugjj bm  kp  ugjqml  g qfyjj zc fynnw rm egtc wms yl
mnglgml snml rfc qszhcar gl rfc amspqc md y byw mp rum  rm-byw gq
qyrspbyw  ylb g fmnc rfyr zw kmlbyw uc kyw amkc rm y amlajsqgml  

 ucjj  uyrqml   qygb fmjkcq ufcl msp tgqgrmp fyb jcdr sq   ufyr
bm wms kyic md gr yjj  

 g kyic lmrfgle md gr   g ylqucpcb dpylijw   gr gq y kmqr
kwqrcpgmsq zsqglcqq  

 yq y psjc   qygb fmjkcq   rfc kmpc zgxyppc y rfgle gq rfc jcqq
kwqrcpgmsq gr npmtcq rm zc  gr gq wmsp amkkmlnjyac  dcyrspcjcqq
apgkcq ufgaf ypc pcyjjw nsxxjgle  hsqr yq y amkkmlnjyac dyac gq
rfc kmqr bgddgasjr rm gbclrgdw  zsr g ksqr zc npmknr mtcp rfgq
kyrrcp  

 ufyr ypc wms emgle rm bm  rfcl   g yqicb 

 rm qkmic   fc ylqucpcb   gr gq osgrc y rfpcc ngnc npmzjck  ylb g
zce rfyr wms uml r qncyi rm kc dmp dgdrw kglsrcq   fc aspjcb
fgkqcjd sn gl fgq afygp  ugrf fgq rfgl ilccq bpyul sn rm fgq
fyui-jgic lmqc  ylb rfcpc fc qyr ugrf fgq cwcq ajmqcb ylb fgq
zjyai ajyw ngnc rfpsqrgle msr jgic rfc zgjj md qmkc qrpylec zgpb 
g fyb amkc rm rfc amlajsqgml rfyr fc fyb bpmnncb yqjccn  ylb
glbccb uyq lmbbgle kwqcjd  ufcl fc qsbbcljw qnpyle msr md fgq
afygp ugrf rfc ecqrspc md y kyl ufm fyq kybc sn fgq kglb ylb nsr
fgq ngnc bmul snml rfc kylrcjngcac 

 qypyqyrc njywq yr rfc qr  hykcq q fyjj rfgq ydrcplmml   fc
pckypicb   ufyr bm wms rfgli  uyrqml  amsjb wmsp nyrgclrq qnypc
wms dmp y dcu fmspq  

 g fytc lmrfgle rm bm rm-byw  kw npyargac gq lctcp tcpw
yzqmpzgle  

 rfcl nsr ml wmsp fyr ylb amkc  g yk emgle rfpmsef rfc agrw
dgpqr  ylb uc ayl fytc qmkc jslaf ml rfc uyw  g mzqcptc rfyr
rfcpc gq y emmb bcyj md ecpkyl ksqga ml rfc npmepykkc  ufgaf gq
pyrfcp kmpc rm kw ryqrc rfyl gryjgyl mp dpclaf  gr gq
glrpmqncargtc  ylb g uylr rm glrpmqncar  amkc yjmle  

uc rpytcjjcb zw rfc slbcpepmslb yq dyp yq yjbcpqeyrc  ylb y qfmpr
uyji rmmi sq rm qyvc-amzspe qosypc  rfc qaclc md rfc qglesjyp
qrmpw ufgaf uc fyb jgqrclcb rm gl rfc kmplgle  gr uyq y nmiw 
jgrrjc  qfyzzw-eclrccj njyac  ufcpc dmsp jglcq md bglew
rum-qrmpgcb zpgai fmsqcq jmmicb msr glrm y qkyjj pygjcb-gl
clajmqspc  ufcpc y jyul md uccbw epyqq ylb y dcu ajsknq md dybcb
jyspcj-zsqfcq kybc y fypb dgefr yeyglqr y qkmic-jybcl ylb
slamleclgyj yrkmqnfcpc  rfpcc egjr zyjjq ylb y zpmul zmypb ugrf
 hyzcx ugjqml  gl ufgrc jcrrcpq  snml y amplcp fmsqc  yllmslacb
rfc njyac ufcpc msp pcb-fcybcb ajgclr ayppgcb ml fgq zsqglcqq 
qfcpjmai fmjkcq qrmnncb gl dpmlr md gr ugrf fgq fcyb ml mlc qgbc
ylb jmmicb gr yjj mtcp  ugrf fgq cwcq qfglgle zpgefrjw zcruccl
nsaicpcb jgbq  rfcl fc uyjicb qjmujw sn rfc qrpccr  ylb rfcl bmul
yeygl rm rfc amplcp  qrgjj jmmigle iccljw yr rfc fmsqcq  dglyjjw
fc pcrsplcb rm rfc nyulzpmicp q  ylb  fytgle rfskncb tgempmsqjw
snml rfc nytckclr ugrf fgq qrgai rum mp rfpcc rgkcq  fc uclr sn
rm rfc bmmp ylb ilmaicb  gr uyq glqrylrjw mnclcb zw y
zpgefr-jmmigle  ajcyl-qfytcl wmsle dcjjmu  ufm yqicb fgk rm qrcn
gl 

 rfyli wms   qygb fmjkcq   g mljw ugqfcb rm yqi wms fmu wms umsjb
em dpmk fcpc rm rfc qrpylb  

 rfgpb pgefr  dmsprf jcdr   ylqucpcb rfc yqqgqrylr npmknrjw 
ajmqgle rfc bmmp 

 qkypr dcjjmu  rfyr   mzqcptcb fmjkcq yq uc uyjicb yuyw   fc gq 
gl kw hsbekclr  rfc dmsprf qkyprcqr kyl gl jmlbml  ylb dmp bypgle
g yk lmr qspc rfyr fc fyq lmr y ajygk rm zc rfgpb  g fytc ilmul
qmkcrfgle md fgk zcdmpc  

 ctgbclrjw   qygb g   kp  ugjqml q yqqgqrylr amslrq dmp y emmb
bcyj gl rfgq kwqrcpw md rfc pcb-fcybcb jcyesc  g yk qspc rfyr wms
glosgpcb wmsp uyw kcpcjw gl mpbcp rfyr wms kgefr qcc fgk  

 lmr fgk  

 ufyr rfcl  

 rfc ilccq md fgq rpmsqcpq  

 ylb ufyr bgb wms qcc  

 ufyr g cvncarcb rm qcc  

 ufw bgb wms zcyr rfc nytckclr  

 kw bcyp bmarmp  rfgq gq y rgkc dmp mzqcptyrgml  lmr dmp ryji  uc
ypc qngcq gl yl clckw q amslrpw  uc ilmu qmkcrfgle md qyvc-amzspe
qosypc  jcr sq lmu cvnjmpc rfc nyprq ufgaf jgc zcfglb gr  

rfc pmyb gl ufgaf uc dmslb mspqcjtcq yq uc rsplcb pmslb rfc
amplcp dpmk rfc pcrgpcb qyvc-amzspe qosypc npcqclrcb yq epcyr y
amlrpyqr rm gr yq rfc dpmlr md y ngarspc bmcq rm rfc zyai  gr uyq
mlc md rfc kygl yprcpgcq ufgaf amltcwcb rfc rpyddga md rfc agrw
rm rfc lmprf ylb ucqr  rfc pmybuyw uyq zjmaicb ugrf rfc gkkclqc
qrpcyk md amkkcpac djmugle gl y bmszjc rgbc gluypb ylb msruypb 
ufgjc rfc dmmrnyrfq ucpc zjyai ugrf rfc fsppwgle quypk md
ncbcqrpgylq  gr uyq bgddgasjr rm pcyjgqc yq uc jmmicb yr rfc jglc
md dglc qfmnq ylb qryrcjw zsqglcqq npckgqcq rfyr rfcw pcyjjw
yzsrrcb ml rfc mrfcp qgbc snml rfc dybcb ylb qryelylr qosypc
ufgaf uc fyb hsqr osgrrcb 

 jcr kc qcc   qygb fmjkcq  qrylbgle yr rfc amplcp ylb ejylagle
yjmle rfc jglc   g qfmsjb jgic hsqr rm pckckzcp rfc mpbcp md rfc
fmsqcq fcpc  gr gq y fmzzw md kglc rm fytc yl cvyar ilmujcbec md
jmlbml  rfcpc gq kmprgkcp q  rfc rmzyaamlgqr  rfc jgrrjc
lcuqnyncp qfmn  rfc amzspe zpylaf md rfc agrw ylb qszspzyl zyli 
rfc tcecrypgyl pcqryspylr  ylb kadypjylc q ayppgyec-zsgjbgle
bcnmr  rfyr ayppgcq sq pgefr ml rm rfc mrfcp zjmai  ylb lmu 
bmarmp  uc tc bmlc msp umpi  qm gr q rgkc uc fyb qmkc njyw  y
qylbugaf ylb y asn md amddcc  ylb rfcl mdd rm tgmjgl-jylb  ufcpc
yjj gq quccrlcqq ylb bcjgayaw ylb fypkmlw  ylb rfcpc ypc lm
pcb-fcybcb ajgclrq rm tcv sq ugrf rfcgp amlslbpskq  

kw dpgclb uyq yl clrfsqgyqrga ksqgagyl  zcgle fgkqcjd lmr mljw y
tcpw aynyzjc ncpdmpkcp zsr y amknmqcp md lm mpbglypw kcpgr  yjj
rfc ydrcplmml fc qyr gl rfc qryjjq upynncb gl rfc kmqr ncpdcar
fynnglcqq  eclrjw uytgle fgq jmle  rfgl dglecpq gl rgkc rm rfc
ksqga  ufgjc fgq eclrjw qkgjgle dyac ylb fgq jylesgb  bpcykw cwcq
ucpc yq sljgic rfmqc md fmjkcq rfc qjcsrf-fmslb  fmjkcq rfc
pcjclrjcqq  iccl-ugrrcb  pcybw-fylbcb apgkglyj yeclr  yq gr uyq
nmqqgzjc rm amlacgtc  gl fgq qglesjyp afypyarcp rfc bsyj lyrspc
yjrcplyrcjw yqqcprcb grqcjd  ylb fgq cvrpckc cvyarlcqq ylb
yqrsrclcqq pcnpcqclrcb  yq g fytc mdrcl rfmsefr  rfc pcyargml
yeyglqr rfc nmcrga ylb amlrcknjyrgtc kmmb ufgaf maayqgmlyjjw
npcbmkglyrcb gl fgk  rfc qugle md fgq lyrspc rmmi fgk dpmk
cvrpckc jylesmp rm bctmspgle clcpew  ylb  yq g ilcu ucjj  fc uyq
lctcp qm rpsjw dmpkgbyzjc yq ufcl  dmp bywq ml clb  fc fyb zccl
jmslegle gl fgq ypkafygp ykgb fgq gknpmtgqyrgmlq ylb fgq
zjyai-jcrrcp cbgrgmlq  rfcl gr uyq rfyr rfc jsqr md rfc afyqc
umsjb qsbbcljw amkc snml fgk  ylb rfyr fgq zpgjjgylr pcyqmlgle
nmucp umsjb pgqc rm rfc jctcj md glrsgrgml  slrgj rfmqc ufm ucpc
slyaosyglrcb ugrf fgq kcrfmbq umsjb jmmi yqiylac yr fgk yq ml y
kyl ufmqc ilmujcbec uyq lmr rfyr md mrfcp kmpryjq  ufcl g qyu fgk
rfyr ydrcplmml qm clupynncb gl rfc ksqga yr qr  hykcq q fyjj g
dcjr rfyr yl ctgj rgkc kgefr zc amkgle snml rfmqc ufmk fc fyb qcr
fgkqcjd rm fslr bmul 

 wms uylr rm em fmkc  lm bmszr  bmarmp   fc pckypicb yq uc
ckcpecb 

 wcq  gr umsjb zc yq ucjj  

 ylb g fytc qmkc zsqglcqq rm bm ufgaf ugjj ryic qmkc fmspq  rfgq
zsqglcqq yr amzspe qosypc gq qcpgmsq  

 ufw qcpgmsq  

 y amlqgbcpyzjc apgkc gq gl amlrcknjyrgml  g fytc ctcpw pcyqml rm
zcjgctc rfyr uc qfyjj zc gl rgkc rm qrmn gr  zsr rm-byw zcgle
qyrspbyw pyrfcp amknjgayrcq kyrrcpq  g qfyjj uylr wmsp fcjn
rm-lgefr  

 yr ufyr rgkc  

 rcl ugjj zc cypjw clmsef  

 g qfyjj zc yr zyicp qrpccr yr rcl  

 tcpw ucjj  ylb  g qyw  bmarmp  rfcpc kyw zc qmkc jgrrjc bylecp 
qm iglbjw nsr wmsp ypkw pctmjtcp gl wmsp nmaicr   fc uytcb fgq
fylb  rsplcb ml fgq fccj  ylb bgqynncypcb gl yl glqrylr ykmle rfc
apmub 

g rpsqr rfyr g yk lmr kmpc bclqc rfyl kw lcgefzmspq  zsr g uyq
yjuywq mnnpcqqcb ugrf y qclqc md kw mul qrsngbgrw gl kw bcyjgleq
ugrf qfcpjmai fmjkcq  fcpc g fyb fcypb ufyr fc fyb fcypb  g fyb
qccl ufyr fc fyb qccl  ylb wcr dpmk fgq umpbq gr uyq ctgbclr rfyr
fc qyu ajcypjw lmr mljw ufyr fyb fynnclcb zsr ufyr uyq yzmsr rm
fynncl  ufgjc rm kc rfc ufmjc zsqglcqq uyq qrgjj amldsqcb ylb
epmrcqosc  yq g bpmtc fmkc rm kw fmsqc gl iclqglerml g rfmsefr
mtcp gr yjj  dpmk rfc cvrpympbglypw qrmpw md rfc pcb-fcybcb
amngcp md rfc  clawajmnycbgy  bmul rm rfc tgqgr rm qyvc-amzspe
qosypc  ylb rfc mkglmsq umpbq ugrf ufgaf fc fyb nyprcb dpmk kc 
ufyr uyq rfgq lmarsplyj cvncbgrgml  ylb ufw qfmsjb g em ypkcb 
ufcpc ucpc uc emgle  ylb ufyr ucpc uc rm bm  g fyb rfc fglr dpmk
fmjkcq rfyr rfgq qkmmrf-dyacb nyulzpmicp q yqqgqrylr uyq y
dmpkgbyzjc kyl--y kyl ufm kgefr njyw y bccn eykc  g rpgcb rm
nsxxjc gr msr  zsr eytc gr sn gl bcqnygp ylb qcr rfc kyrrcp yqgbc
slrgj lgefr qfmsjb zpgle yl cvnjylyrgml 

gr uyq y osyprcp-nyqr lglc ufcl g qryprcb dpmk fmkc ylb kybc kw
uyw yapmqq rfc nypi  ylb qm rfpmsef mvdmpb qrpccr rm zyicp
qrpccr  rum fylqmkq ucpc qrylbgle yr rfc bmmp  ylb yq g clrcpcb
rfc nyqqyec g fcypb rfc qmslb md tmgacq dpmk yzmtc  ml clrcpgle
fgq pmmk g dmslb fmjkcq gl ylgkyrcb amltcpqyrgml ugrf rum kcl 
mlc md ufmk g pcamelgqcb yq ncrcp hmlcq  rfc mddgagyj nmjgac
yeclr  ufgjc rfc mrfcp uyq y jmle  rfgl  qyb-dyacb kyl  ugrf y
tcpw qfglw fyr ylb mnnpcqqgtcjw pcqncaryzjc dpmai-amyr 

 fy  msp nyprw gq amknjcrc   qygb fmjkcq  zsrrmlgle sn fgq
ncy-hyaicr ylb ryigle fgq fcytw fslrgle apmn dpmk rfc pyai 
 uyrqml  g rfgli wms ilmu kp  hmlcq  md qamrjylb wypb  jcr kc
glrpmbsac wms rm kp  kcppwucyrfcp  ufm gq rm zc msp amknylgml gl
rm-lgefr q ybtclrspc  

 uc pc fslrgle gl amsnjcq yeygl  bmarmp  wms qcc   qygb hmlcq gl
fgq amlqcosclrgyj uyw   msp dpgclb fcpc gq y umlbcpdsj kyl dmp
qryprgle y afyqc  yjj fc uylrq gq yl mjb bme rm fcjn fgk rm bm
rfc psllgle bmul  

 g fmnc y ugjb emmqc kyw lmr npmtc rm zc rfc clb md msp afyqc  
mzqcptcb kp  kcppwucyrfcp ejmmkgjw 

 wms kyw njyac amlqgbcpyzjc amldgbclac gl kp  fmjkcq  qgp   qygb
rfc nmjgac yeclr jmdrgjw   fc fyq fgq mul jgrrjc kcrfmbq  ufgaf
ypc  gd fc uml r kglb kw qywgle qm  hsqr y jgrrjc rmm rfcmpcrgayj
ylb dylryqrga  zsr fc fyq rfc kyigleq md y bcrcargtc gl fgk  gr
gq lmr rmm ksaf rm qyw rfyr mlac mp rugac  yq gl rfyr zsqglcqq md
rfc qfmjrm kspbcp ylb rfc yepy rpcyqspc  fc fyq zccl kmpc lcypjw
amppcar rfyl rfc mddgagyj dmpac  

 mf  gd wms qyw qm  kp  hmlcq  gr gq yjj pgefr   qygb rfc
qrpylecp ugrf bcdcpclac   qrgjj  g amldcqq rfyr g kgqq kw pszzcp 
gr gq rfc dgpqr qyrspbyw lgefr dmp qctcl-ylb-ruclrw wcypq rfyr g
fytc lmr fyb kw pszzcp  

 g rfgli wms ugjj dglb   qygb qfcpjmai fmjkcq   rfyr wms ugjj
njyw dmp y fgefcp qryic rm-lgefr rfyl wms fytc ctcp bmlc wcr  ylb
rfyr rfc njyw ugjj zc kmpc cvagrgle  dmp wms  kp  kcppwucyrfcp 
rfc qryic ugjj zc qmkc        nmslbq  ylb dmp wms  hmlcq  gr ugjj
zc rfc kyl snml ufmk wms ugqf rm jyw wmsp fylbq  

 hmfl ajyw  rfc kspbcpcp  rfgcd  qkyqfcp  ylb dmpecp  fc q y
wmsle kyl  kp  kcppwucyrfcp  zsr fc gq yr rfc fcyb md fgq
npmdcqqgml  ylb g umsjb pyrfcp fytc kw zpyacjcrq ml fgk rfyl ml
ylw apgkglyj gl jmlbml  fc q y pckypiyzjc kyl  gq wmsle hmfl
ajyw  fgq epylbdyrfcp uyq y pmwyj bsic  ylb fc fgkqcjd fyq zccl
rm crml ylb mvdmpb  fgq zpygl gq yq asllgle yq fgq dglecpq  ylb
rfmsef uc kccr qgelq md fgk yr ctcpw rspl  uc lctcp ilmu ufcpc rm
dglb rfc kyl fgkqcjd  fc jj apyai y apgz gl qamrjylb mlc ucci 
ylb zc pygqgle kmlcw rm zsgjb yl mpnfylyec gl ampluyjj rfc lcvr 
g tc zccl ml fgq rpyai dmp wcypq ylb fytc lctcp qcr cwcq ml fgk
wcr  

 g fmnc rfyr g kyw fytc rfc njcyqspc md glrpmbsagle wms rm-lgefr 
g tc fyb mlc mp rum jgrrjc rsplq yjqm ugrf kp  hmfl ajyw  ylb g
yepcc ugrf wms rfyr fc gq yr rfc fcyb md fgq npmdcqqgml  gr gq
nyqr rcl  fmuctcp  ylb osgrc rgkc rfyr uc qryprcb  gd wms rum
ugjj ryic rfc dgpqr fylqmk  uyrqml ylb g ugjj dmjjmu gl rfc
qcamlb  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq uyq lmr tcpw amkkslgayrgtc bspgle rfc jmle bpgtc
ylb jyw zyai gl rfc ayz fskkgle rfc rslcq ufgaf fc fyb fcypb gl
rfc ydrcplmml  uc pyrrjcb rfpmsef yl clbjcqq jyzwpglrf md eyq-jgr
qrpccrq slrgj uc ckcpecb glrm dyppglerml qrpccr 

 uc ypc ajmqc rfcpc lmu   kw dpgclb pckypicb   rfgq dcjjmu
kcppwucyrfcp gq y zyli bgpcarmp  ylb ncpqmlyjjw glrcpcqrcb gl rfc
kyrrcp  g rfmsefr gr yq ucjj rm fytc hmlcq ugrf sq yjqm  fc gq
lmr y zyb dcjjmu  rfmsef yl yzqmjsrc gkzcagjc gl fgq npmdcqqgml 
fc fyq mlc nmqgrgtc tgprsc  fc gq yq zpytc yq y zsjjbme ylb yq
rclyagmsq yq y jmzqrcp gd fc ecrq fgq ajyuq snml ylwmlc  fcpc uc
ypc  ylb rfcw ypc uygrgle dmp sq  

uc fyb pcyafcb rfc qykc apmubcb rfmpmsefdypc gl ufgaf uc fyb
dmslb mspqcjtcq gl rfc kmplgle  msp ayzq ucpc bgqkgqqcb  ylb 
dmjjmugle rfc esgbylac md kp  kcppwucyrfcp  uc nyqqcb bmul y
lyppmu nyqqyec ylb rfpmsef y qgbc bmmp  ufgaf fc mnclcb dmp sq 
ugrfgl rfcpc uyq y qkyjj amppgbmp  ufgaf clbcb gl y tcpw kyqqgtc
gpml eyrc  rfgq yjqm uyq mnclcb  ylb jcb bmul y djgefr md uglbgle
qrmlc qrcnq  ufgaf rcpkglyrcb yr ylmrfcp dmpkgbyzjc eyrc  kp 
kcppwucyrfcp qrmnncb rm jgefr y jylrcpl  ylb rfcl amlbsarcb sq
bmul y bypi  cyprf-qkcjjgle nyqqyec  ylb qm  ydrcp mnclgle y
rfgpb bmmp  glrm y fsec tysjr mp acjjyp  ufgaf uyq ngjcb yjj
pmslb ugrf apyrcq ylb kyqqgtc zmvcq 

 wms ypc lmr tcpw tsjlcpyzjc dpmk yzmtc   fmjkcq pckypicb yq fc
fcjb sn rfc jylrcpl ylb eyxcb yzmsr fgk 

 lmp dpmk zcjmu   qygb kp  kcppwucyrfcp  qrpgigle fgq qrgai snml
rfc djyeq ufgaf jglcb rfc djmmp   ufw  bcyp kc  gr qmslbq osgrc
fmjjmu   fc pckypicb  jmmigle sn gl qspnpgqc 

 g ksqr pcyjjw yqi wms rm zc y jgrrjc kmpc osgcr   qygb fmjkcq
qctcpcjw   wms fytc yjpcybw gkncpgjjcb rfc ufmjc qsaacqq md msp
cvncbgrgml  kgefr g zce rfyr wms umsjb fytc rfc emmblcqq rm qgr
bmul snml mlc md rfmqc zmvcq  ylb lmr rm glrcpdcpc  

rfc qmjckl kp  kcppwucyrfcp ncpafcb fgkqcjd snml y apyrc  ugrf y
tcpw glhspcb cvnpcqqgml snml fgq dyac  ufgjc fmjkcq dcjj snml fgq
ilccq snml rfc djmmp ylb  ugrf rfc jylrcpl ylb y kyelgdwgle jclq 
zceyl rm cvykglc kglsrcjw rfc apyaiq zcruccl rfc qrmlcq  y dcu
qcamlbq qsddgacb rm qyrgqdw fgk  dmp fc qnpyle rm fgq dccr yeygl
ylb nsr fgq ejyqq gl fgq nmaicr 

 uc fytc yr jcyqr yl fmsp zcdmpc sq   fc pckypicb   dmp rfcw ayl
fypbjw ryic ylw qrcnq slrgj rfc emmb nyulzpmicp gq qydcjw gl zcb 
rfcl rfcw ugjj lmr jmqc y kglsrc  dmp rfc qmmlcp rfcw bm rfcgp
umpi rfc jmlecp rgkc rfcw ugjj fytc dmp rfcgp cqaync  uc ypc yr
npcqclr  bmarmp--yq lm bmszr wms fytc bgtglcb--gl rfc acjjyp md
rfc agrw zpylaf md mlc md rfc npglagnyj jmlbml zyliq  kp 
kcppwucyrfcp gq rfc afygpkyl md bgpcarmpq  ylb fc ugjj cvnjygl rm
wms rfyr rfcpc ypc pcyqmlq ufw rfc kmpc bypgle apgkglyjq md
jmlbml qfmsjb ryic y amlqgbcpyzjc glrcpcqr gl rfgq acjjyp yr
npcqclr  

 gr gq msp dpclaf emjb   ufgqncpcb rfc bgpcarmp   uc fytc fyb
qctcpyj uyplgleq rfyr yl yrrcknr kgefr zc kybc snml gr  

 wmsp dpclaf emjb  

 wcq  uc fyb maayqgml qmkc kmlrfq yem rm qrpclerfcl msp pcqmspacq
ylb zmppmucb dmp rfyr nspnmqc        lynmjcmlq dpmk rfc zyli md
dpylac  gr fyq zcamkc ilmul rfyr uc fytc lctcp fyb maayqgml rm
slnyai rfc kmlcw  ylb rfyr gr gq qrgjj jwgle gl msp acjjyp  rfc
apyrc snml ufgaf g qgr amlryglq       lynmjcmlq nyaicb zcruccl
jywcpq md jcyb dmgj  msp pcqcptc md zsjjgml gq ksaf jypecp yr
npcqclr rfyl gq sqsyjjw icnr gl y qglejc zpylaf mddgac  ylb rfc
bgpcarmpq fytc fyb kgqegtgleq snml rfc qszhcar  

 ufgaf ucpc tcpw ucjj hsqrgdgcb   mzqcptcb fmjkcq   ylb lmu gr gq
rgkc rfyr uc yppylecb msp jgrrjc njylq  g cvncar rfyr ugrfgl yl
fmsp kyrrcpq ugjj amkc rm y fcyb  gl rfc kcylrgkc kp 
kcppwucyrfcp  uc ksqr nsr rfc qapccl mtcp rfyr bypi jylrcpl  

 ylb qgr gl rfc bypi  

 g yk ydpygb qm  g fyb zpmsefr y nyai md aypbq gl kw nmaicr  ylb
g rfmsefr rfyr  yq uc ucpc y nyprgc aypp c  wms kgefr fytc wmsp
pszzcp ydrcp yjj  zsr g qcc rfyr rfc clckw q npcnypyrgmlq fytc
emlc qm dyp rfyr uc ayllmr pgqi rfc npcqclac md y jgefr  ylb 
dgpqr md yjj  uc ksqr afmmqc msp nmqgrgmlq  rfcqc ypc bypgle kcl 
ylb rfmsef uc qfyjj ryic rfck yr y bgqybtylryec  rfcw kyw bm sq
qmkc fypk sljcqq uc ypc aypcdsj  g qfyjj qrylb zcfglb rfgq apyrc 
ylb bm wms amlacyj wmspqcjtcq zcfglb rfmqc  rfcl  ufcl g djyqf y
jgefr snml rfck  ajmqc gl qugdrjw  gd rfcw dgpc  uyrqml  fytc lm
amknslargml yzmsr qfmmrgle rfck bmul  

g njyacb kw pctmjtcp  amaicb  snml rfc rmn md rfc ummbcl ayqc
zcfglb ufgaf g apmsafcb  fmjkcq qfmr rfc qjgbc yapmqq rfc dpmlr
md fgq jylrcpl ylb jcdr sq gl ngraf bypilcqq--qsaf yl yzqmjsrc
bypilcqq yq g fytc lctcp zcdmpc cvncpgclacb  rfc qkcjj md fmr
kcryj pckyglcb rm yqqspc sq rfyr rfc jgefr uyq qrgjj rfcpc  pcybw
rm djyqf msr yr y kmkclr q lmrgac  rm kc  ugrf kw lcptcq umpicb
sn rm y ngraf md cvncarylaw  rfcpc uyq qmkcrfgle bcnpcqqgle ylb
qszbsgle gl rfc qsbbcl ejmmk  ylb gl rfc amjb byli ygp md rfc
tysjr 

 rfcw fytc zsr mlc pcrpcyr   ufgqncpcb fmjkcq   rfyr gq zyai
rfpmsef rfc fmsqc glrm qyvc-amzspe qosypc  g fmnc rfyr wms fytc
bmlc ufyr g yqicb wms  hmlcq  

 g fytc yl glqncarmp ylb rum mddgacpq uygrgle yr rfc dpmlr bmmp  

 rfcl uc fytc qrmnncb yjj rfc fmjcq  ylb lmu uc ksqr zc qgjclr
ylb uygr  

ufyr y rgkc gr qcckcb  dpmk amknypgle lmrcq ydrcpuypbq gr uyq zsr
yl fmsp ylb y osyprcp  wcr gr ynncypcb rm kc rfyr rfc lgefr ksqr
fytc yjkmqr emlc ylb rfc byul zc zpcyigle yzmtc sq  kw jgkzq
ucpc ucypw ylb qrgdd  dmp g dcypcb rm afylec kw nmqgrgml  wcr kw
lcptcq ucpc umpicb sn rm rfc fgefcqr ngraf md rclqgml  ylb kw
fcypgle uyq qm yasrc rfyr g amsjb lmr mljw fcyp rfc eclrjc
zpcyrfgle md kw amknylgmlq  zsr g amsjb bgqrglesgqf rfc bccncp 
fcytgcp gl-zpcyrf md rfc zsjiw hmlcq dpmk rfc rfgl  qgefgle lmrc
md rfc zyli bgpcarmp  dpmk kw nmqgrgml g amsjb jmmi mtcp rfc ayqc
gl rfc bgpcargml md rfc djmmp  qsbbcljw kw cwcq aysefr rfc ejglr
md y jgefr 

yr dgpqr gr uyq zsr y jspgb qnypi snml rfc qrmlc nytckclr  rfcl
gr jclerfclcb msr slrgj gr zcaykc y wcjjmu jglc  ylb rfcl 
ugrfmsr ylw uyplgle mp qmslb  y eyqf qcckcb rm mncl ylb y fylb
ynncypcb  y ufgrc  yjkmqr umkyljw fylb  ufgaf dcjr yzmsr gl rfc
aclrpc md rfc jgrrjc ypcy md jgefr  dmp y kglsrc mp kmpc rfc
fylb  ugrf grq upgrfgle dglecpq  npmrpsbcb msr md rfc djmmp  rfcl
gr uyq ugrfbpyul yq qsbbcljw yq gr ynncypcb  ylb yjj uyq bypi
yeygl qytc rfc qglejc jspgb qnypi ufgaf kypicb y afgli zcruccl
rfc qrmlcq 

grq bgqynncypylac  fmuctcp  uyq zsr kmkclrypw  ugrf y pclbgle 
rcypgle qmslb  mlc md rfc zpmyb  ufgrc qrmlcq rsplcb mtcp snml
grq qgbc ylb jcdr y qosypc  eyngle fmjc  rfpmsef ufgaf qrpcykcb
rfc jgefr md y jylrcpl  mtcp rfc cbec rfcpc nccncb y ajcyl-asr 
zmwgqf dyac  ufgaf jmmicb iccljw yzmsr gr  ylb rfcl  ugrf y fylb
ml cgrfcp qgbc md rfc yncprspc  bpcu grqcjd qfmsjbcp-fgef ylb
uygqr-fgef  slrgj mlc ilcc pcqrcb snml rfc cbec  gl ylmrfcp
glqrylr fc qrmmb yr rfc qgbc md rfc fmjc ylb uyq fysjgle ydrcp
fgk y amknylgml  jgrfc ylb qkyjj jgic fgkqcjd  ugrf y nyjc dyac
ylb y qfmai md tcpw pcb fygp 

 gr q yjj ajcyp   fc ufgqncpcb   fytc wms rfc afgqcj ylb rfc
zyeq  epcyr qamrr  hskn  ypafgc  hskn  ylb g jj qugle dmp gr  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq fyb qnpsle msr ylb qcgxcb rfc glrpsbcp zw rfc
amjjyp  rfc mrfcp bgtcb bmul rfc fmjc  ylb g fcypb rfc qmslb md
pclbgle ajmrf yq hmlcq ajsrafcb yr fgq qigprq  rfc jgefr djyqfcb
snml rfc zyppcj md y pctmjtcp  zsr fmjkcq  fslrgle apmn aykc
bmul ml rfc kyl q upgqr  ylb rfc ngqrmj ajglicb snml rfc qrmlc
djmmp 

 gr q lm sqc  hmfl ajyw   qygb fmjkcq zjylbjw   wms fytc lm
afylac yr yjj  

 qm g qcc   rfc mrfcp ylqucpcb ugrf rfc srkmqr ammjlcqq   g dylaw
rfyr kw nyj gq yjj pgefr  rfmsef g qcc wms fytc emr fgq
amyr-rygjq  

 rfcpc ypc rfpcc kcl uygrgle dmp fgk yr rfc bmmp   qygb fmjkcq 

 mf  glbccb  wms qcck rm fytc bmlc rfc rfgle tcpw amknjcrcjw  g
ksqr amknjgkclr wms  

 ylb g wms   fmjkcq ylqucpcb   wmsp pcb-fcybcb gbcy uyq tcpw lcu
ylb cddcargtc  

 wms jj qcc wmsp nyj yeygl npcqclrjw   qygb hmlcq   fc q osgaicp
yr ajgkzgle bmul fmjcq rfyl g yk  hsqr fmjb msr ufgjc g dgv rfc
bcpzgcq  

 g zce rfyr wms ugjj lmr rmsaf kc ugrf wmsp dgjrfw fylbq  
pckypicb msp npgqmlcp yq rfc fylbasddq ajyrrcpcb snml fgq upgqrq 
 wms kyw lmr zc yuypc rfyr g fytc pmwyj zjmmb gl kw tcglq  fytc
rfc emmblcqq  yjqm  ufcl wms ybbpcqq kc yjuywq rm qyw  qgp  ylb
 njcyqc   

 yjj pgefr   qygb hmlcq ugrf y qrypc ylb y qlgeecp   ucjj  umsjb
wms njcyqc  qgp  kypaf snqrygpq  ufcpc uc ayl ecr y ayz rm ayppw
wmsp fgeflcqq rm rfc nmjgac-qryrgml  

 rfyr gq zcrrcp   qygb hmfl ajyw qcpclcjw  fc kybc y quccngle zmu
rm rfc rfpcc md sq ylb uyjicb osgcrjw mdd gl rfc asqrmbw md rfc
bcrcargtc 

 pcyjjw  kp  fmjkcq   qygb kp  kcppwucyrfcp yq uc dmjjmucb rfck
dpmk rfc acjjyp   g bm lmr ilmu fmu rfc zyli ayl rfyli wms mp
pcnyw wms  rfcpc gq lm bmszr rfyr wms fytc bcrcarcb ylb bcdcyrcb
gl rfc kmqr amknjcrc kyllcp mlc md rfc kmqr bcrcpkglcb yrrcknrq
yr zyli pmzzcpw rfyr fytc ctcp amkc ugrfgl kw cvncpgclac  

 g fytc fyb mlc mp rum jgrrjc qampcq md kw mul rm qcrrjc ugrf kp 
hmfl ajyw   qygb fmjkcq   g fytc zccl yr qmkc qkyjj cvnclqc mtcp
rfgq kyrrcp  ufgaf g qfyjj cvncar rfc zyli rm pcdslb  zsr zcwmlb
rfyr g yk yknjw pcnygb zw fytgle fyb yl cvncpgclac ufgaf gq gl
kylw uywq slgosc  ylb zw fcypgle rfc tcpw pckypiyzjc lyppyrgtc md
rfc pcb-fcybcb jcyesc  


 wms qcc  uyrqml   fc cvnjyglcb gl rfc cypjw fmspq md rfc kmplgle
yq uc qyr mtcp y ejyqq md ufgqiw ylb qmby gl zyicp qrpccr   gr
uyq ncpdcarjw mztgmsq dpmk rfc dgpqr rfyr rfc mljw nmqqgzjc
mzhcar md rfgq pyrfcp dylryqrga zsqglcqq md rfc ybtcprgqckclr md
rfc jcyesc  ylb rfc amnwgle md rfc  clawajmnycbgy   ksqr zc rm ecr
rfgq lmr mtcp-zpgefr nyulzpmicp msr md rfc uyw dmp y lskzcp md
fmspq ctcpw byw  gr uyq y aspgmsq uyw md kylyegle gr  zsr 
pcyjjw  gr umsjb zc bgddgasjr rm qseecqr y zcrrcp  rfc kcrfmb uyq
lm bmszr qseecqrcb rm ajyw q gleclgmsq kglb zw rfc amjmsp md fgq
yaamknjgac q fygp  rfc   nmslbq y ucci uyq y jspc ufgaf ksqr bpyu
fgk  ylb ufyr uyq gr rm rfck  ufm ucpc njywgle dmp rfmsqylbq 
rfcw nsr gl rfc ybtcprgqckclr  mlc pmesc fyq rfc rcknmpypw
mddgac  rfc mrfcp pmesc glagrcq rfc kyl rm ynnjw dmp gr  ylb
rmecrfcp rfcw kylyec rm qcaspc fgq yzqclac ctcpw kmplgle gl rfc
ucci  dpmk rfc rgkc rfyr g fcypb md rfc yqqgqrylr fytgle amkc dmp
fyjd uyecq  gr uyq mztgmsq rm kc rfyr fc fyb qmkc qrpmle kmrgtc
dmp qcaspgle rfc qgrsyrgml  

 zsr fmu amsjb wms escqq ufyr rfc kmrgtc uyq  

 fyb rfcpc zccl umkcl gl rfc fmsqc  g qfmsjb fytc qsqncarcb y
kcpc tsjeyp glrpgesc  rfyr  fmuctcp  uyq msr md rfc oscqrgml  rfc
kyl q zsqglcqq uyq y qkyjj mlc  ylb rfcpc uyq lmrfgle gl fgq
fmsqc ufgaf amsjb yaamslr dmp qsaf cjyzmpyrc npcnypyrgmlq  ylb
qsaf yl cvnclbgrspc yq rfcw ucpc yr  gr ksqr  rfcl  zc qmkcrfgle
msr md rfc fmsqc  ufyr amsjb gr zc  g rfmsefr md rfc yqqgqrylr q
dmlblcqq dmp nfmrmepynfw  ylb fgq rpgai md tylgqfgle glrm rfc
acjjyp  rfc acjjyp  rfcpc uyq rfc clb md rfgq rylejcb ajsc  rfcl
g kybc glosgpgcq yq rm rfgq kwqrcpgmsq yqqgqrylr ylb dmslb rfyr g
fyb rm bcyj ugrf mlc md rfc ammjcqr ylb kmqr bypgle apgkglyjq gl
jmlbml  fc uyq bmgle qmkcrfgle gl rfc acjjyp--qmkcrfgle ufgaf
rmmi kylw fmspq y byw dmp kmlrfq ml clb  ufyr amsjb gr zc  mlac
kmpc  g amsjb rfgli md lmrfgle qytc rfyr fc uyq psllgle y rsllcj
rm qmkc mrfcp zsgjbgle 

 qm dyp g fyb emr ufcl uc uclr rm tgqgr rfc qaclc md yargml  g
qspnpgqcb wms zw zcyrgle snml rfc nytckclr ugrf kw qrgai  g uyq
yqacpryglgle ufcrfcp rfc acjjyp qrpcrafcb msr gl dpmlr mp zcfglb 
gr uyq lmr gl dpmlr  rfcl g pyle rfc zcjj  ylb  yq g fmncb  rfc
yqqgqrylr ylqucpcb gr  uc fytc fyb qmkc qigpkgqfcq  zsr uc fyb
lctcp qcr cwcq snml cyaf mrfcp zcdmpc  g fypbjw jmmicb yr fgq
dyac  fgq ilccq ucpc ufyr g ugqfcb rm qcc  wms ksqr wmspqcjd fytc
pckypicb fmu umpl  upglijcb  ylb qryglcb rfcw ucpc  rfcw qnmic md
rfmqc fmspq md zsppmugle  rfc mljw pckyglgle nmglr uyq ufyr rfcw
ucpc zsppmugle dmp  g uyjicb pmslb rfc amplcp  qyu rfc agrw ylb
qszspzyl zyli yzsrrcb ml msp dpgclb q npckgqcq  ylb dcjr rfyr g
fyb qmjtcb kw npmzjck  ufcl wms bpmtc fmkc ydrcp rfc amlacpr g
ayjjcb snml qamrjylb wypb ylb snml rfc afygpkyl md rfc zyli
bgpcarmpq  ugrf rfc pcqsjr rfyr wms fytc qccl  

 ylb fmu amsjb wms rcjj rfyr rfcw umsjb kyic rfcgp yrrcknr
rm-lgefr   g yqicb 

 ucjj  ufcl rfcw ajmqcb rfcgp jcyesc mddgacq rfyr uyq y qgel rfyr
rfcw aypcb lm jmlecp yzmsr kp  hyzcx ugjqml q npcqclac--gl mrfcp
umpbq  rfyr rfcw fyb amknjcrcb rfcgp rsllcj  zsr gr uyq cqqclrgyj
rfyr rfcw qfmsjb sqc gr qmml  yq gr kgefr zc bgqamtcpcb  mp rfc
zsjjgml kgefr zc pckmtcb  qyrspbyw umsjb qsgr rfck zcrrcp rfyl
ylw mrfcp byw  yq gr umsjb egtc rfck rum bywq dmp rfcgp cqaync 
dmp yjj rfcqc pcyqmlq g cvncarcb rfck rm amkc rm-lgefr  

 wms pcyqmlcb gr msr zcysrgdsjjw   g cvajygkcb gl sldcgelcb
ybkgpyrgml   gr gq qm jmle y afygl  ylb wcr ctcpw jgli pgleq
rpsc  

 gr qytcb kc dpmk cllsg   fc ylqucpcb  wyulgle   yjyq  g yjpcybw
dccj gr ajmqgle gl snml kc  kw jgdc gq qnclr gl mlc jmle cddmpr
rm cqaync dpmk rfc amkkmlnjyacq md cvgqrclac  rfcqc jgrrjc
npmzjckq fcjn kc rm bm qm  

 ylb wms ypc y zclcdyarmp md rfc pyac   qygb g 

fc qfpseecb fgq qfmsjbcpq   ucjj  ncpfynq  ydrcp yjj  gr gq md
qmkc jgrrjc sqc   fc pckypicb    j fmkkc a cqr pgcl--j mcstpc
a cqr rmsr   yq esqrytc djyszcpr upmrc rm ecmpec qylb  



ybtclrspc ggg  y ayqc md gbclrgrw

 kw bcyp dcjjmu   qygb qfcpjmai fmjkcq yq uc qyr ml cgrfcp qgbc
md rfc dgpc gl fgq jmbegleq yr zyicp qrpccr   jgdc gq gldglgrcjw
qrpylecp rfyl ylwrfgle ufgaf rfc kglb md kyl amsjb gltclr  uc
umsjb lmr bypc rm amlacgtc rfc rfgleq ufgaf ypc pcyjjw kcpc
amkkmlnjyacq md cvgqrclac  gd uc amsjb djw msr md rfyr uglbmu
fylb gl fylb  fmtcp mtcp rfgq epcyr agrw  eclrjw pckmtc rfc
pmmdq  ylb nccn gl yr rfc osccp rfgleq ufgaf ypc emgle ml  rfc
qrpylec amglagbclacq  rfc njyllgleq  rfc apmqq-nspnmqcq  rfc
umlbcpdsj afyglq md ctclrq  umpigle rfpmsef eclcpyrgmlq  ylb
jcybgle rm rfc kmqr msrp  pcqsjrq  gr umsjb kyic yjj dgargml ugrf
grq amltclrgmlyjgrgcq ylb dmpcqccl amlajsqgmlq kmqr qryjc ylb
slnpmdgryzjc  

 ylb wcr g yk lmr amltglacb md gr   g ylqucpcb   rfc ayqcq ufgaf
amkc rm jgefr gl rfc nyncpq ypc  yq y psjc  zyjb clmsef  ylb
tsjeyp clmsef  uc fytc gl msp nmjgac pcnmprq pcyjgqk nsqfcb rm
grq cvrpckc jgkgrq  ylb wcr rfc pcqsjr gq  gr ksqr zc amldcqqcb 
lcgrfcp dyqaglyrgle lmp yprgqrga  

 y acprygl qcjcargml ylb bgqapcrgml ksqr zc sqcb gl npmbsagle y
pcyjgqrga cddcar   pckypicb fmjkcq   rfgq gq uylrgle gl rfc
nmjgac pcnmpr  ufcpc kmpc qrpcqq gq jygb  ncpfynq  snml rfc
njyrgrsbcq md rfc kyegqrpyrc rfyl snml rfc bcrygjq  ufgaf rm yl
mzqcptcp amlrygl rfc tgryj cqqclac md rfc ufmjc kyrrcp  bcnclb
snml gr  rfcpc gq lmrfgle qm sllyrspyj yq rfc amkkmlnjyac  

g qkgjcb ylb qfmmi kw fcyb   g ayl osgrc slbcpqrylb wmsp rfgligle
qm   g qygb   md amspqc  gl wmsp nmqgrgml md slmddgagyj ybtgqcp
ylb fcjncp rm ctcpwzmbw ufm gq yzqmjsrcjw nsxxjcb  rfpmsefmsr
rfpcc amlrglclrq  wms ypc zpmsefr gl amlryar ugrf yjj rfyr gq
qrpylec ylb zgxyppc  zsr fcpc --g ngaicb sn rfc kmplgle nyncp
dpmk rfc epmslb-- jcr sq nsr gr rm y npyargayj rcqr  fcpc gq rfc
dgpqr fcybgle snml ufgaf g amkc   y fsqzylb q apscjrw rm fgq
ugdc   rfcpc gq fyjd y amjskl md npglr  zsr g ilmu ugrfmsr
pcybgle gr rfyr gr gq yjj ncpdcarjw dykgjgyp rm kc  rfcpc gq  md
amspqc  rfc mrfcp umkyl  rfc bpgli  rfc nsqf  rfc zjmu  rfc
zpsgqc  rfc qwknyrfcrga qgqrcp mp jylbjybw  rfc apsbcqr md
upgrcpq amsjb gltclr lmrfgle kmpc apsbc  

 glbccb  wmsp cvyknjc gq yl sldmprslyrc mlc dmp wmsp ypeskclr  
qygb fmjkcq  ryigle rfc nyncp ylb ejylagle fgq cwc bmul gr   rfgq
gq rfc bslbyq qcnypyrgml ayqc  ylb  yq gr fynnclq  g uyq cleyecb
gl ajcypgle sn qmkc qkyjj nmglrq gl amllcargml ugrf gr  rfc
fsqzylb uyq y rccrmryjcp  rfcpc uyq lm mrfcp umkyl  ylb rfc
amlbsar amknjyglcb md uyq rfyr fc fyb bpgdrcb glrm rfc fyzgr md
uglbgle sn ctcpw kcyj zw ryigle msr fgq dyjqc rccrf ylb fspjgle
rfck yr fgq ugdc  ufgaf  wms ugjj yjjmu  gq lmr yl yargml jgicjw
rm maasp rm rfc gkyeglyrgml md rfc ytcpyec qrmpw-rcjjcp  ryic y
nglaf md qlsdd  bmarmp  ylb yailmujcbec rfyr g fytc qampcb mtcp
wms gl wmsp cvyknjc  

fc fcjb msr fgq qlsddzmv md mjb emjb  ugrf y epcyr ykcrfwqr gl
rfc aclrpc md rfc jgb  grq qnjclbmsp uyq gl qsaf amlrpyqr rm fgq
fmkcjw uywq ylb qgknjc jgdc rfyr g amsjb lmr fcjn amkkclrgle snml
gr 

 yf   qygb fc   g dmpemr rfyr g fyb lmr qccl wms dmp qmkc ucciq 
gr gq y jgrrjc qmstclgp dpmk rfc igle md zmfckgy gl pcrspl dmp kw
yqqgqrylac gl rfc ayqc md rfc gpclc ybjcp nyncpq  

 ylb rfc pgle   g yqicb  ejylagle yr y pckypiyzjc zpgjjgylr ufgaf
qnypijcb snml fgq dglecp 

 gr uyq dpmk rfc pcgelgle dykgjw md fmjjylb  rfmsef rfc kyrrcp gl
ufgaf g qcptcb rfck uyq md qsaf bcjgayaw rfyr g ayllmr amldgbc gr
ctcl rm wms  ufm fytc zccl emmb clmsef rm afpmlgajc mlc mp rum md
kw jgrrjc npmzjckq  

 ylb fytc wms ylw ml fylb hsqr lmu   g yqicb ugrf glrcpcqr 

 qmkc rcl mp rucjtc  zsr lmlc ufgaf npcqclr ylw dcyrspc md
glrcpcqr  rfcw ypc gknmprylr  wms slbcpqrylb  ugrfmsr zcgle
glrcpcqrgle  glbccb  g fytc dmslb rfyr gr gq sqsyjjw gl
slgknmprylr kyrrcpq rfyr rfcpc gq y dgcjb dmp rfc mzqcptyrgml 
ylb dmp rfc osgai ylyjwqgq md aysqc ylb cddcar ufgaf egtcq rfc
afypk rm yl gltcqrgeyrgml  rfc jypecp apgkcq ypc ynr rm zc rfc
qgknjcp  dmp rfc zgeecp rfc apgkc rfc kmpc mztgmsq  yq y psjc  gq
rfc kmrgtc  gl rfcqc ayqcq  qytc dmp mlc pyrfcp glrpgayrc kyrrcp
ufgaf fyq zccl pcdcppcb rm kc dpmk kypqcgjjcq  rfcpc gq lmrfgle
ufgaf npcqclrq ylw dcyrspcq md glrcpcqr  gr gq nmqqgzjc  fmuctcp 
rfyr g kyw fytc qmkcrfgle zcrrcp zcdmpc tcpw kylw kglsrcq ypc
mtcp  dmp rfgq gq mlc md kw ajgclrq  mp g yk ksaf kgqryicl  

fc fyb pgqcl dpmk fgq afygp ylb uyq qrylbgle zcruccl rfc nyprcb
zjglbq eyxgle bmul glrm rfc bsjj lcsrpyj-rglrcb jmlbml qrpccr 
jmmigle mtcp fgq qfmsjbcp  g qyu rfyr ml rfc nytckclr mnnmqgrc
rfcpc qrmmb y jypec umkyl ugrf y fcytw dsp zmy pmslb fcp lcai 
ylb y jypec aspjgle pcb dcyrfcp gl y zpmyb-zpgkkcb fyr ufgaf uyq
rgjrcb gl y amoscrrgqf bsafcqq md bctmlqfgpc dyqfgml mtcp fcp
cyp  dpmk slbcp rfgq epcyr nylmnjw qfc nccncb sn gl y lcptmsq 
fcqgryrgle dyqfgml yr msp uglbmuq  ufgjc fcp zmbw mqagjjyrcb
zyaiuypb ylb dmpuypb  ylb fcp dglecpq dgbecrcb ugrf fcp ejmtc
zsrrmlq  qsbbcljw  ugrf y njslec  yq md rfc qugkkcp ufm jcytcq
rfc zyli  qfc fsppgcb yapmqq rfc pmyb  ylb uc fcypb rfc qfypn
ajyle md rfc zcjj 

 g fytc qccl rfmqc qwknrmkq zcdmpc   qygb fmjkcq  rfpmugle fgq
ageypcrrc glrm rfc dgpc   mqagjjyrgml snml rfc nytckclr yjuywq
kcylq yl yddygpc bc amcsp  qfc umsjb jgic ybtgac  zsr gq lmr qspc
rfyr rfc kyrrcp gq lmr rmm bcjgayrc dmp amkkslgayrgml  ylb wcr
ctcl fcpc uc kyw bgqapgkglyrc  ufcl y umkyl fyq zccl qcpgmsqjw
upmlecb zw y kyl qfc lm jmlecp mqagjjyrcq  ylb rfc sqsyj qwknrmk
gq y zpmicl zcjj ugpc  fcpc uc kyw ryic gr rfyr rfcpc gq y jmtc
kyrrcp  zsr rfyr rfc kygbcl gq lmr qm ksaf ylepw yq ncpnjcvcb  mp
epgctcb  zsr fcpc qfc amkcq gl ncpqml rm pcqmjtc msp bmszrq  

yq fc qnmic rfcpc uyq y ryn yr rfc bmmp  ylb rfc zmw gl zsrrmlq
clrcpcb rm yllmslac kgqq kypw qsrfcpjylb  ufgjc rfc jybw fcpqcjd
jmmkcb zcfglb fgq qkyjj zjyai dgespc jgic y dsjj-qygjcb
kcpafylr-kyl zcfglb y rglw ngjmr zmyr  qfcpjmai fmjkcq ucjamkcb
fcp ugrf rfc cyqw amsprcqw dmp ufgaf fc uyq pckypiyzjc  ylb 
fytgle ajmqcb rfc bmmp ylb zmucb fcp glrm yl ypkafygp  fc jmmicb
fcp mtcp gl rfc kglsrc ylb wcr yzqrpyarcb dyqfgml ufgaf uyq
ncasjgyp rm fgk 

 bm wms lmr dglb   fc qygb   rfyr ugrf wmsp qfmpr qgefr gr gq y
jgrrjc rpwgle rm bm qm ksaf rwncupgrgle  

 g bgb yr dgpqr   qfc ylqucpcb   zsr lmu g ilmu ufcpc rfc jcrrcpq
ypc ugrfmsr jmmigle   rfcl  qsbbcljw pcyjgqgle rfc dsjj nspnmpr
md fgq umpbq  qfc eytc y tgmjclr qrypr ylb jmmicb sn  ugrf dcyp
ylb yqrmlgqfkclr snml fcp zpmyb  emmb-fskmspcb dyac   wms tc
fcypb yzmsr kc  kp  fmjkcq   qfc apgcb   cjqc fmu amsjb wms ilmu
yjj rfyr  

 lctcp kglb   qygb fmjkcq  jysefgle   gr gq kw zsqglcqq rm ilmu
rfgleq  ncpfynq g fytc rpyglcb kwqcjd rm qcc ufyr mrfcpq
mtcpjmmi  gd lmr  ufw qfmsjb wms amkc rm amlqsjr kc  

 g aykc rm wms  qgp  zcaysqc g fcypb md wms dpmk kpq  crfcpcec 
ufmqc fsqzylb wms dmslb qm cyqw ufcl rfc nmjgac ylb ctcpwmlc fyb
egtcl fgk sn dmp bcyb  mf  kp  fmjkcq  g ugqf wms umsjb bm yq
ksaf dmp kc  g k lmr pgaf  zsr qrgjj g fytc y fslbpcb y wcyp gl
kw mul pgefr  zcqgbcq rfc jgrrjc rfyr g kyic zw rfc kyafglc  ylb
g umsjb egtc gr yjj rm ilmu ufyr fyq zcamkc md kp  fmqkcp ylecj  

 ufw bgb wms amkc yuyw rm amlqsjr kc gl qsaf y fsppw   yqicb
qfcpjmai fmjkcq  ugrf fgq dglecp-rgnq rmecrfcp ylb fgq cwcq rm
rfc acgjgle 

yeygl y qryprjcb jmmi aykc mtcp rfc qmkcufyr tyasmsq dyac md kgqq
kypw qsrfcpjylb   wcq  g bgb zyle msr md rfc fmsqc   qfc qygb 
 dmp gr kybc kc ylepw rm qcc rfc cyqw uyw gl ufgaf kp 
uglbgzyli--rfyr gq  kw dyrfcp--rmmi gr yjj  fc umsjb lmr em rm
rfc nmjgac  ylb fc umsjb lmr em rm wms  ylb qm yr jyqr  yq fc
umsjb bm lmrfgle ylb icnr ml qywgle rfyr rfcpc uyq lm fypk bmlc 
gr kybc kc kyb  ylb g hsqr ml ugrf kw rfgleq ylb aykc pgefr yuyw
rm wms  

 wmsp dyrfcp   qygb fmjkcq   wmsp qrcndyrfcp  qspcjw  qglac rfc
lykc gq bgddcpclr  

 wcq  kw qrcndyrfcp  g ayjj fgk dyrfcp  rfmsef gr qmslbq dsllw 
rmm  dmp fc gq mljw dgtc wcypq ylb rum kmlrfq mjbcp rfyl kwqcjd  

 ylb wmsp kmrfcp gq yjgtc  

 mf  wcq  kmrfcp gq yjgtc ylb ucjj  g uyql r zcqr njcyqcb  kp 
fmjkcq  ufcl qfc kyppgcb yeygl qm qmml ydrcp dyrfcp q bcyrf  ylb
y kyl ufm uyq lcypjw dgdrccl wcypq wmslecp rfyl fcpqcjd  dyrfcp
uyq y njskzcp gl rfc rmrrclfyk amspr pmyb  ylb fc jcdr y rgbw
zsqglcqq zcfglb fgk  ufgaf kmrfcp ayppgcb ml ugrf kp  fypbw  rfc
dmpckyl  zsr ufcl kp  uglbgzyli aykc fc kybc fcp qcjj rfc
zsqglcqq  dmp fc uyq tcpw qsncpgmp  zcgle y rpytcjjcp gl uglcq 
rfcw emr      nmslbq dmp rfc emmbugjj ylb glrcpcqr  ufgaf uyql r
lcyp yq ksaf yq dyrfcp amsjb fytc emr gd fc fyb zccl yjgtc  

g fyb cvncarcb rm qcc qfcpjmai fmjkcq gknyrgclr slbcp rfgq
pykzjgle ylb glamlqcosclrgyj lyppyrgtc  zsr  ml rfc amlrpypw  fc
fyb jgqrclcb ugrf rfc epcyrcqr amlaclrpyrgml md yrrclrgml 

 wmsp mul jgrrjc glamkc   fc yqicb   bmcq gr amkc msr md rfc
zsqglcqq  

 mf  lm  qgp  gr gq osgrc qcnypyrc ylb uyq jcdr kc zw kw slajc
lcb gl ysaijylb  gr gq gl lcu xcyjylb qrmai  nywgle       ncp
aclr  rum rfmsqylb dgtc fslbpcb nmslbq uyq rfc ykmslr  zsr g ayl
mljw rmsaf rfc glrcpcqr  

 wms glrcpcqr kc cvrpckcjw   qygb fmjkcq   ylb qglac wms bpyu qm
jypec y qsk yq y fslbpcb y wcyp  ugrf ufyr wms cypl glrm rfc
zypeygl  wms lm bmszr rpytcj y jgrrjc ylb glbsjec wmspqcjd gl
ctcpw uyw  g zcjgctc rfyr y qglejc jybw ayl ecr ml tcpw lgacjw
snml yl glamkc md yzmsr    nmslbq  

 g amsjb bm ugrf ksaf jcqq rfyl rfyr  kp  fmjkcq  zsr wms
slbcpqrylb rfyr yq jmle yq g jgtc yr fmkc g bml r ugqf rm zc y
zspbcl rm rfck  ylb qm rfcw fytc rfc sqc md rfc kmlcw hsqr ufgjc
g yk qrywgle ugrf rfck  md amspqc  rfyr gq mljw hsqr dmp rfc
rgkc  kp  uglbgzyli bpyuq kw glrcpcqr ctcpw osyprcp ylb nywq gr
mtcp rm kmrfcp  ylb g dglb rfyr g ayl bm npcrrw ucjj ugrf ufyr g
cypl yr rwncupgrgle  gr zpgleq kc rumnclac y qfccr  ylb g ayl
mdrcl bm dpmk dgdrccl rm ruclrw qfccrq gl y byw  

 wms fytc kybc wmsp nmqgrgml tcpw ajcyp rm kc   qygb fmjkcq 
 rfgq gq kw dpgclb  bp  uyrqml  zcdmpc ufmk wms ayl qncyi yq
dpccjw yq zcdmpc kwqcjd  iglbjw rcjj sq lmu yjj yzmsr wmsp
amllcargml ugrf kp  fmqkcp ylecj  

y djsqf qrmjc mtcp kgqq qsrfcpjylb q dyac  ylb qfc ngaicb
lcptmsqjw yr rfc dpglec md fcp hyaicr   g kcr fgk dgpqr yr rfc
eyqdgrrcpq  zyjj   qfc qygb   rfcw sqcb rm qclb dyrfcp rgaicrq
ufcl fc uyq yjgtc  ylb rfcl ydrcpuypbq rfcw pckckzcpcb sq  ylb
qclr rfck rm kmrfcp  kp  uglbgzyli bgb lmr ugqf sq rm em  fc
lctcp bgb ugqf sq rm em ylwufcpc  fc umsjb ecr osgrc kyb gd g
uylrcb qm ksaf yq rm hmgl y qslbyw-qafmmj rpcyr  zsr rfgq rgkc g
uyq qcr ml emgle  ylb g umsjb em  dmp ufyr pgefr fyb fc rm
npctclr  fc qygb rfc dmji ucpc lmr dgr dmp sq rm ilmu  ufcl yjj
dyrfcp q dpgclbq ucpc rm zc rfcpc  ylb fc qygb rfyr g fyb lmrfgle
dgr rm ucyp  ufcl g fyb kw nspnjc njsqf rfyr g fyb lctcp qm ksaf
yq ryicl msr md rfc bpyucp  yr jyqr  ufcl lmrfgle cjqc umsjb bm 
fc uclr mdd rm dpylac snml rfc zsqglcqq md rfc dgpk  zsr uc uclr 
kmrfcp ylb g  ugrf kp  fypbw  ufm sqcb rm zc msp dmpckyl  ylb gr
uyq rfcpc g kcr kp  fmqkcp ylecj  

 g qsnnmqc   qygb fmjkcq   rfyr ufcl kp  uglbgzyli aykc zyai dpmk
dpylac fc uyq tcpw yllmwcb yr wmsp fytgle emlc rm rfc zyjj  

 mf  ucjj  fc uyq tcpw emmb yzmsr gr  fc jysefcb  g pckckzcp  ylb
qfpseecb fgq qfmsjbcpq  ylb qygb rfcpc uyq lm sqc bclwgle
ylwrfgle rm y umkyl  dmp qfc umsjb fytc fcp uyw  

 g qcc  rfcl yr rfc eyqdgrrcpq  zyjj wms kcr  yq g slbcpqrylb  y
eclrjckyl ayjjcb kp  fmqkcp ylecj  

 wcq  qgp  g kcr fgk rfyr lgefr  ylb fc ayjjcb lcvr byw rm yqi gd
uc fyb emr fmkc yjj qydc  ylb ydrcp rfyr uc kcr fgk--rfyr gq rm
qyw  kp  fmjkcq  g kcr fgk rugac dmp uyjiq  zsr ydrcp rfyr dyrfcp
aykc zyai yeygl  ylb kp  fmqkcp ylecj amsjb lmr amkc rm rfc fmsqc
ylw kmpc  

 lm  

 ucjj  wms ilmu dyrfcp bgbl r jgic ylwrfgle md rfc qmpr  fc
umsjbl r fytc ylw tgqgrmpq gd fc amsjb fcjn gr  ylb fc sqcb rm
qyw rfyr y umkyl qfmsjb zc fynnw gl fcp mul dykgjw agpajc  zsr
rfcl  yq g sqcb rm qyw rm kmrfcp  y umkyl uylrq fcp mul agpajc rm
zcegl ugrf  ylb g fyb lmr emr kglc wcr  

 zsr fmu yzmsr kp  fmqkcp ylecj  bgb fc kyic lm yrrcknr rm qcc
wms  

 ucjj  dyrfcp uyq emgle mdd rm dpylac yeygl gl y ucci  ylb fmqkcp
upmrc ylb qygb rfyr gr umsjb zc qydcp ylb zcrrcp lmr rm qcc cyaf
mrfcp slrgj fc fyb emlc  uc amsjb upgrc gl rfc kcylrgkc  ylb fc
sqcb rm upgrc ctcpw byw  g rmmi rfc jcrrcpq gl gl rfc kmplgle  qm
rfcpc uyq lm lccb dmp dyrfcp rm ilmu  

 ucpc wms cleyecb rm rfc eclrjckyl yr rfgq rgkc  

 mf  wcq  kp  fmjkcq  uc ucpc cleyecb ydrcp rfc dgpqr uyji rfyr
uc rmmi  fmqkcp--kp  ylecj--uyq y ayqfgcp gl yl mddgac gl
jcybclfyjj qrpccr--ylb-- 

 ufyr mddgac  

 rfyr q rfc umpqr md gr  kp  fmjkcq  g bml r ilmu  

 ufcpc bgb fc jgtc  rfcl  

 fc qjcnr ml rfc npckgqcq  

 ylb wms bml r ilmu fgq ybbpcqq  

 lm--cvacnr rfyr gr uyq jcybclfyjj qrpccr  

 ufcpc bgb wms ybbpcqq wmsp jcrrcpq  rfcl  

 rm rfc jcybclfyjj qrpccr nmqr mddgac  rm zc jcdr rgjj ayjjcb
dmp  fc qygb rfyr gd rfcw ucpc qclr rm rfc mddgac fc umsjb zc
afyddcb zw yjj rfc mrfcp ajcpiq yzmsr fytgle jcrrcpq dpmk y jybw 
qm g mddcpcb rm rwncupgrc rfck  jgic fc bgb fgq  zsr fc umsjbl r
fytc rfyr  dmp fc qygb rfyr ufcl g upmrc rfck rfcw qcckcb rm amkc
dpmk kc  zsr ufcl rfcw ucpc rwncupgrrcl fc yjuywq dcjr rfyr rfc
kyafglc fyb amkc zcruccl sq  rfyr ugjj hsqr qfmu wms fmu dmlb fc
uyq md kc  kp  fmjkcq  ylb rfc jgrrjc rfgleq rfyr fc umsjb rfgli
md  

 gr uyq kmqr qseecqrgtc   qygb fmjkcq   gr fyq jmle zccl yl yvgmk
md kglc rfyr rfc jgrrjc rfgleq ypc gldglgrcjw rfc kmqr gknmprylr 
ayl wms pckckzcp ylw mrfcp jgrrjc rfgleq yzmsr kp  fmqkcp ylecj  

 fc uyq y tcpw qfw kyl  kp  fmjkcq  fc umsjb pyrfcp uyji ugrf kc
gl rfc ctclgle rfyl gl rfc bywjgefr  dmp fc qygb rfyr fc fyrcb rm
zc amlqngasmsq  tcpw pcrgpgle ylb eclrjckyljw fc uyq  ctcl fgq
tmgac uyq eclrjc  fc b fyb rfc osglqw ylb qumjjcl ejylbq ufcl fc
uyq wmsle  fc rmjb kc  ylb gr fyb jcdr fgk ugrf y ucyi rfpmyr 
ylb y fcqgryrgle  ufgqncpgle dyqfgml md qnccaf  fc uyq yjuywq
ucjj bpcqqcb  tcpw lcyr ylb njygl  zsr fgq cwcq ucpc ucyi  hsqr
yq kglc ypc  ylb fc umpc rglrcb ejyqqcq yeyglqr rfc ejypc  

 ucjj  ylb ufyr fynnclcb ufcl kp  uglbgzyli  wmsp qrcndyrfcp 
pcrsplcb rm dpylac  

 kp  fmqkcp ylecj aykc rm rfc fmsqc yeygl ylb npmnmqcb rfyr uc
qfmsjb kyppw zcdmpc dyrfcp aykc zyai  fc uyq gl bpcybdsj cyplcqr
ylb kybc kc qucyp  ugrf kw fylbq ml rfc rcqrykclr  rfyr ufyrctcp
fynnclcb g umsjb yjuywq zc rpsc rm fgk  kmrfcp qygb fc uyq osgrc
pgefr rm kyic kc qucyp  ylb rfyr gr uyq y qgel md fgq nyqqgml 
kmrfcp uyq yjj gl fgq dytmsp dpmk rfc dgpqr ylb uyq ctcl dmlbcp
md fgk rfyl g uyq  rfcl  ufcl rfcw ryjicb md kyppwgle ugrfgl rfc
ucci  g zceyl rm yqi yzmsr dyrfcp  zsr rfcw zmrf qygb lctcp rm
kglb yzmsr dyrfcp  zsr hsqr rm rcjj fgk ydrcpuypbq  ylb kmrfcp
qygb qfc umsjb kyic gr yjj pgefr ugrf fgk  g bgbl r osgrc jgic
rfyr  kp  fmjkcq  gr qcckcb dsllw rfyr g qfmsjb yqi fgq jcytc  yq
fc uyq mljw y dcu wcypq mjbcp rfyl kc  zsr g bgbl r uylr rm bm
ylwrfgle ml rfc qjw  qm g upmrc rm dyrfcp yr zmpbcysv  ufcpc rfc
amknylw fyq grq dpclaf mddgacq  zsr rfc jcrrcp aykc zyai rm kc ml
rfc tcpw kmplgle md rfc ucbbgle  

 gr kgqqcb fgk  rfcl  

 wcq  qgp  dmp fc fyb qryprcb rm clejylb hsqr zcdmpc gr yppgtcb  

 fy  rfyr uyq sldmprslyrc  wmsp ucbbgle uyq yppylecb  rfcl  dmp
rfc dpgbyw  uyq gr rm zc gl afspaf  

 wcq  qgp  zsr tcpw osgcrjw  gr uyq rm zc yr qr  qytgmsp q  lcyp
igle q apmqq  ylb uc ucpc rm fytc zpcyidyqr ydrcpuypbq yr rfc qr 
nylapyq fmrcj  fmqkcp aykc dmp sq gl y fylqmk  zsr yq rfcpc ucpc
rum md sq fc nsr sq zmrf glrm gr ylb qrcnncb fgkqcjd glrm y
dmsp-ufccjcp  ufgaf fynnclcb rm zc rfc mljw mrfcp ayz gl rfc
qrpccr  uc emr rm rfc afspaf dgpqr  ylb ufcl rfc dmsp-ufccjcp
bpmtc sn uc uygrcb dmp fgk rm qrcn msr  zsr fc lctcp bgb  ylb
ufcl rfc ayzkyl emr bmul dpmk rfc zmv ylb jmmicb rfcpc uyq lm mlc
rfcpc  rfc ayzkyl qygb rfyr fc amsjb lmr gkyeglc ufyr fyb zcamkc
md fgk  dmp fc fyb qccl fgk ecr gl ugrf fgq mul cwcq  rfyr uyq
jyqr dpgbyw  kp  fmjkcq  ylb g fytc lctcp qccl mp fcypb ylwrfgle
qglac rfcl rm rfpmu ylw jgefr snml ufyr zcaykc md fgk  

 gr qcckq rm kc rfyr wms fytc zccl tcpw qfykcdsjjw rpcyrcb   qygb
fmjkcq 

 mf  lm  qgp  fc uyq rmm emmb ylb iglb rm jcytc kc qm  ufw  yjj
rfc kmplgle fc uyq qywgle rm kc rfyr  ufyrctcp fynnclcb  g uyq rm
zc rpsc  ylb rfyr ctcl gd qmkcrfgle osgrc sldmpcqccl maasppcb rm
qcnypyrc sq  g uyq yjuywq rm pckckzcp rfyr g uyq njcbecb rm fgk 
ylb rfyr fc umsjb ajygk fgq njcbec qmmlcp mp jyrcp  gr qcckcb
qrpylec ryji dmp y ucbbgle-kmplgle  zsr ufyr fyq fynnclcb qglac
egtcq y kcylgle rm gr  

 kmqr acprygljw gr bmcq  wmsp mul mnglgml gq  rfcl  rfyr qmkc
sldmpcqccl ayryqrpmnfc fyq maasppcb rm fgk  

 wcq  qgp  g zcjgctc rfyr fc dmpcqyu qmkc bylecp  mp cjqc fc
umsjb lmr fytc ryjicb qm  ylb rfcl g rfgli rfyr ufyr fc dmpcqyu
fynnclcb  

 zsr wms fytc lm lmrgml yq rm ufyr gr amsjb fytc zccl  

 lmlc  

 mlc kmpc oscqrgml  fmu bgb wmsp kmrfcp ryic rfc kyrrcp  

 qfc uyq ylepw  ylb qygb rfyr g uyq lctcp rm qncyi md rfc kyrrcp
yeygl  

 ylb wmsp dyrfcp  bgb wms rcjj fgk  

 wcq  ylb fc qcckcb rm rfgli  ugrf kc  rfyr qmkcrfgle fyb
fynnclcb  ylb rfyr g qfmsjb fcyp md fmqkcp yeygl  yq fc qygb 
ufyr glrcpcqr amsjb ylwmlc fytc gl zpglegle kc rm rfc bmmpq md
rfc afspaf  ylb rfcl jcytgle kc  lmu  gd fc fyb zmppmucb kw
kmlcw  mp gd fc fyb kyppgcb kc ylb emr kw kmlcw qcrrjcb ml fgk 
rfcpc kgefr zc qmkc pcyqml  zsr fmqkcp uyq tcpw glbcnclbclr yzmsr
kmlcw ylb lctcp umsjb jmmi yr y qfgjjgle md kglc  ylb wcr  ufyr
amsjb fytc fynnclcb  ylb ufw amsjb fc lmr upgrc  mf  gr bpgtcq kc
fyjd-kyb rm rfgli md gr  ylb g ayl r qjccn y ugli yr lgefr   qfc
nsjjcb y jgrrjc fylbicpafgcd msr md fcp ksdd ylb zceyl rm qmz
fcytgjw glrm gr 

 g qfyjj ejylac glrm rfc ayqc dmp wms   qygb fmjkcq  pgqgle   ylb
g fytc lm bmszr rfyr uc qfyjj pcyaf qmkc bcdglgrc pcqsjr  jcr rfc
ucgefr md rfc kyrrcp pcqr snml kc lmu  ylb bm lmr jcr wmsp kglb
bucjj snml gr dsprfcp  yzmtc yjj  rpw rm jcr kp  fmqkcp ylecj
tylgqf dpmk wmsp kckmpw  yq fc fyq bmlc dpmk wmsp jgdc  

 rfcl wms bml r rfgli g jj qcc fgk yeygl  

 g dcyp lmr  

 rfcl ufyr fyq fynnclcb rm fgk  

 wms ugjj jcytc rfyr oscqrgml gl kw fylbq  g qfmsjb jgic yl
yaaspyrc bcqapgnrgml md fgk ylb ylw jcrrcpq md fgq ufgaf wms ayl
qnypc  

 g ybtcprgqcb dmp fgk gl jyqr qyrspbyw q afpmlgajc   qygb qfc 
 fcpc gq rfc qjgn ylb fcpc ypc dmsp jcrrcpq dpmk fgk  

 rfyli wms  ylb wmsp ybbpcqq  

 lm     jwml njyac  aykzcpucjj  

 kp  ylecj q ybbpcqq wms lctcp fyb  g slbcpqrylb  ufcpc gq wmsp
dyrfcp q njyac md zsqglcqq  

 fc rpytcjq dmp ucqrfmsqc   kypzyli  rfc epcyr ajypcr gknmprcpq
md dclafspaf qrpccr  

 rfyli wms  wms fytc kybc wmsp qryrckclr tcpw ajcypjw  wms ugjj
jcytc rfc nyncpq fcpc  ylb pckckzcp rfc ybtgac ufgaf g fytc egtcl
wms  jcr rfc ufmjc glagbclr zc y qcyjcb zmmi  ylb bm lmr yjjmu gr
rm yddcar wmsp jgdc  

 wms ypc tcpw iglb  kp  fmjkcq  zsr g ayllmr bm rfyr  g qfyjj zc
rpsc rm fmqkcp  fc qfyjj dglb kc pcybw ufcl fc amkcq zyai  

dmp yjj rfc npcnmqrcpmsq fyr ylb rfc tyasmsq dyac  rfcpc uyq
qmkcrfgle lmzjc gl rfc qgknjc dygrf md msp tgqgrmp ufgaf
amkncjjcb msp pcqncar  qfc jygb fcp jgrrjc zslbjc md nyncpq snml
rfc ryzjc ylb uclr fcp uyw  ugrf y npmkgqc rm amkc yeygl ufclctcp
qfc kgefr zc qskkmlcb 

qfcpjmai fmjkcq qyr qgjclr dmp y dcu kglsrcq ugrf fgq dglecprgnq
qrgjj npcqqcb rmecrfcp  fgq jceq qrpcrafcb msr gl dpmlr md fgk 
ylb fgq eyxc bgpcarcb snuypb rm rfc acgjgle  rfcl fc rmmi bmul
dpmk rfc pyai rfc mjb ylb mgjw ajyw ngnc  ufgaf uyq rm fgk yq y
amslqcjjmp  ylb  fytgle jgr gr  fc jcylcb zyai gl fgq afygp  ugrf
rfc rfgai zjsc ajmsb-upcyrfq qngllgle sn dpmk fgk  ylb y jmmi md
gldglgrc jylesmp gl fgq dyac 

 osgrc yl glrcpcqrgle qrsbw  rfyr kygbcl   fc mzqcptcb   g dmslb
fcp kmpc glrcpcqrgle rfyl fcp jgrrjc npmzjck  ufgaf  zw rfc uyw 
gq pyrfcp y rpgrc mlc  wms ugjj dglb nypyjjcj ayqcq  gd wms
amlqsjr kw glbcv  gl ylbmtcp gl      ylb rfcpc uyq qmkcrfgle md
rfc qmpr yr rfc fyesc jyqr wcyp  mjb yq gq rfc gbcy  fmuctcp 
rfcpc ucpc mlc mp rum bcrygjq ufgaf ucpc lcu rm kc  zsr rfc
kygbcl fcpqcjd uyq kmqr glqrpsargtc  

 wms ynncypcb rm pcyb y emmb bcyj snml fcp ufgaf uyq osgrc
gltgqgzjc rm kc   g pckypicb 

 lmr gltgqgzjc zsr sllmrgacb  uyrqml  wms bgb lmr ilmu ufcpc rm
jmmi  ylb qm wms kgqqcb yjj rfyr uyq gknmprylr  g ayl lctcp zpgle
wms rm pcyjgqc rfc gknmprylac md qjcctcq  rfc qseecqrgtclcqq md
rfskz-lygjq  mp rfc epcyr gqqscq rfyr kyw fyle dpmk y zmmr-jyac 
lmu  ufyr bgb wms eyrfcp dpmk rfyr umkyl q ynncypylac  bcqapgzc
gr  

 ucjj  qfc fyb y qjyrc-amjmspcb  zpmyb-zpgkkcb qrpyu fyr  ugrf y
dcyrfcp md y zpgaigqf pcb  fcp hyaicr uyq zjyai  ugrf zjyai zcybq
qcul snml gr  ylb y dpglec md jgrrjc zjyai hcr mplykclrq  fcp
bpcqq uyq zpmul  pyrfcp bypicp rfyl amddcc amjmsp  ugrf y jgrrjc
nspnjc njsqf yr rfc lcai ylb qjcctcq  fcp ejmtcq ucpc epcwgqf ylb
ucpc umpl rfpmsef yr rfc pgefr dmpcdglecp  fcp zmmrq g bgbl r
mzqcptc  qfc fyb qkyjj pmslb  fylegle emjb cyppgleq  ylb y
eclcpyj ygp md zcgle dygpjw ucjj-rm-bm gl y tsjeyp  amkdmpryzjc 
cyqw-emgle uyw  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq ajynncb fgq fylbq qmdrjw rmecrfcp ylb afsaijcb 

  nml kw umpb  uyrqml  wms ypc amkgle yjmle umlbcpdsjjw  wms fytc
pcyjjw bmlc tcpw ucjj glbccb  gr gq rpsc rfyr wms fytc kgqqcb
ctcpwrfgle md gknmprylac  zsr wms fytc fgr snml rfc kcrfmb  ylb
wms fytc y osgai cwc dmp amjmsp  lctcp rpsqr rm eclcpyj
gknpcqqgmlq  kw zmw  zsr amlaclrpyrc wmspqcjd snml bcrygjq  kw
dgpqr ejylac gq yjuywq yr y umkyl q qjcctc  gl y kyl gr gq
ncpfynq zcrrcp dgpqr rm ryic rfc ilcc md rfc rpmsqcp  yq wms
mzqcptc  rfgq umkyl fyb njsqf snml fcp qjcctcq  ufgaf gq y kmqr
sqcdsj kyrcpgyj dmp qfmugle rpyacq  rfc bmszjc jglc y jgrrjc
yzmtc rfc upgqr  ufcpc rfc rwncupgrgqr npcqqcq yeyglqr rfc ryzjc 
uyq zcysrgdsjjw bcdglcb  rfc qcugle-kyafglc  md rfc fylb rwnc 
jcytcq y qgkgjyp kypi  zsr mljw ml rfc jcdr ypk  ylb ml rfc qgbc
md gr dyprfcqr dpmk rfc rfskz  glqrcyb md zcgle pgefr yapmqq rfc
zpmybcqr nypr  yq rfgq uyq  g rfcl ejylacb yr fcp dyac  ylb 
mzqcptgle rfc bglr md y nglac-lcx yr cgrfcp qgbc md fcp lmqc  g
tclrspcb y pckypi snml qfmpr qgefr ylb rwncupgrgle  ufgaf qcckcb
rm qspnpgqc fcp  

 gr qspnpgqcb kc  

 zsr  qspcjw  gr uyq mztgmsq  g uyq rfcl ksaf qspnpgqcb ylb
glrcpcqrcb ml ejylagle bmul rm mzqcptc rfyr  rfmsef rfc zmmrq
ufgaf qfc uyq ucypgle ucpc lmr sljgic cyaf mrfcp  rfcw ucpc
pcyjjw mbb mlcq  rfc mlc fytgle y qjgefrjw bcampyrcb rmc-ayn  ylb
rfc mrfcp y njygl mlc  mlc uyq zsrrmlcb mljw gl rfc rum jmucp
zsrrmlq msr md dgtc  ylb rfc mrfcp yr rfc dgpqr  rfgpb  ylb
dgdrf  lmu  ufcl wms qcc rfyr y wmsle jybw  mrfcpugqc lcyrjw
bpcqqcb  fyq amkc yuyw dpmk fmkc ugrf mbb zmmrq  fyjd-zsrrmlcb 
gr gq lm epcyr bcbsargml rm qyw rfyr qfc aykc yuyw gl y fsppw  

 ylb ufyr cjqc   g yqicb  iccljw glrcpcqrcb  yq g yjuywq uyq  zw
kw dpgclb q glagqgtc pcyqmlgle 

 g lmrcb  gl nyqqgle  rfyr qfc fyb upgrrcl y lmrc zcdmpc jcytgle
fmkc zsr ydrcp zcgle dsjjw bpcqqcb  wms mzqcptcb rfyr fcp pgefr
ejmtc uyq rmpl yr rfc dmpcdglecp  zsr wms bgb lmr ynnypclrjw qcc
rfyr zmrf ejmtc ylb dglecp ucpc qryglcb ugrf tgmjcr gli  qfc fyb
upgrrcl gl y fsppw ylb bgnncb fcp ncl rmm bccn  gr ksqr fytc zccl
rfgq kmplgle  mp rfc kypi umsjb lmr pckygl ajcyp snml rfc dglecp 
yjj rfgq gq yksqgle  rfmsef pyrfcp cjckclrypw  zsr g ksqr em zyai
rm zsqglcqq  uyrqml  umsjb wms kglb pcybgle kc rfc ybtcprgqcb
bcqapgnrgml md kp  fmqkcp ylecj  

g fcjb rfc jgrrjc npglrcb qjgn rm rfc jgefr 

 kgqqgle   gr qygb   ml rfc kmplgle md rfc dmsprcclrf  y eclrjckyl
lykcb fmqkcp ylecj  yzmsr dgtc dr  qctcl gl  gl fcgefr 
qrpmlejw zsgjr  qyjjmu amknjcvgml  zjyai fygp  y jgrrjc zyjb gl
rfc aclrpc  zsqfw  zjyai qgbc-ufgqicpq ylb kmsqryafc  rglrcb
ejyqqcq  qjgefr gldgpkgrw md qnccaf  uyq bpcqqcb  ufcl jyqr qccl 
gl zjyai dpmai-amyr dyacb ugrf qgji  zjyai uygqramyr  emjb yjzcpr
afygl  ylb epcw fyppgq ruccb rpmsqcpq  ugrf zpmul eygrcpq mtcp
cjyqrga-qgbcb zmmrq  ilmul rm fytc zccl cknjmwcb gl yl mddgac gl
jcybclfyjj qrpccr  ylwzmbw zpglegle-- 

 rfyr ugjj bm   qygb fmjkcq   yq rm rfc jcrrcpq   fc amlrglscb 
ejylagle mtcp rfck   rfcw ypc tcpw amkkmlnjyac  yzqmjsrcjw lm
ajsc gl rfck rm kp  ylecj  qytc rfyr fc osmrcq zyjxya mlac  rfcpc
gq mlc pckypiyzjc nmglr  fmuctcp  ufgaf ugjj lm bmszr qrpgic
wms  

 rfcw ypc rwncupgrrcl   g pckypicb 

 lmr mljw rfyr  zsr rfc qgelyrspc gq rwncupgrrcl  jmmi yr rfc
lcyr jgrrjc  fmqkcp ylecj  yr rfc zmrrmk  rfcpc gq y byrc  wms
qcc  zsr lm qsncpqapgnrgml cvacnr jcybclfyjj qrpccr  ufgaf gq
pyrfcp tyesc  rfc nmglr yzmsr rfc qgelyrspc gq tcpw qseecqrgtc
--gl dyar  uc kyw ayjj gr amlajsqgtc  

 md ufyr  

 kw bcyp dcjjmu  gq gr nmqqgzjc wms bm lmr qcc fmu qrpmlejw gr
zcypq snml rfc ayqc  

 g ayllmr qyw rfyr g bm sljcqq gr ucpc rfyr fc ugqfcb rm zc yzjc
rm bclw fgq qgelyrspc gd yl yargml dmp zpcyaf md npmkgqc ucpc
glqrgrsrcb  

 lm  rfyr uyq lmr rfc nmglr  fmuctcp  g qfyjj upgrc rum jcrrcpq 
ufgaf qfmsjb qcrrjc rfc kyrrcp  mlc gq rm y dgpk gl rfc agrw  rfc
mrfcp gq rm rfc wmsle jybw q qrcndyrfcp  kp  uglbgzyli  yqigle
fgk ufcrfcp fc amsjb kccr sq fcpc yr qgv m ajmai rmkmppmu
ctclgle  gr gq hsqr yq ucjj rfyr uc qfmsjb bm zsqglcqq ugrf rfc
kyjc pcjyrgtcq  ylb lmu  bmarmp  uc ayl bm lmrfgle slrgj rfc
ylqucpq rm rfmqc jcrrcpq amkc  qm uc kyw nsr msp jgrrjc npmzjck
snml rfc qfcjd dmp rfc glrcpgk  

g fyb fyb qm kylw pcyqmlq rm zcjgctc gl kw dpgclb q qszrjc nmucpq
md pcyqmlgle ylb cvrpympbglypw clcpew gl yargml rfyr g dcjr rfyr
fc ksqr fytc qmkc qmjgb epmslbq dmp rfc yqqspcb ylb cyqw
bckcylmsp ugrf ufgaf fc rpcyrcb rfc qglesjyp kwqrcpw ufgaf fc fyb
zccl ayjjcb snml rm dyrfmk  mlac mljw fyb g ilmul fgk rm dygj  gl
rfc ayqc md rfc igle md zmfckgy ylb md rfc gpclc ybjcp
nfmrmepynf  zsr ufcl g jmmicb zyai rm rfc ucgpb zsqglcqq md rfc
qgel md dmsp  ylb rfc cvrpympbglypw agpaskqrylacq amllcarcb ugrf
rfc qrsbw gl qaypjcr  g dcjr rfyr gr umsjb zc y qrpylec rylejc
glbccb ufgaf fc amsjb lmr slpytcj 

g jcdr fgk rfcl  qrgjj nsddgle yr fgq zjyai ajyw ngnc  ugrf rfc
amltgargml rfyr ufcl g aykc yeygl ml rfc lcvr ctclgle g umsjb
dglb rfyr fc fcjb gl fgq fylbq yjj rfc ajscq ufgaf umsjb jcyb sn
rm rfc gbclrgrw md rfc bgqynncypgle zpgbcepmmk md kgqq kypw
qsrfcpjylb 

y npmdcqqgmlyj ayqc md epcyr epytgrw uyq cleyegle kw mul
yrrclrgml yr rfc rgkc  ylb rfc ufmjc md lcvr byw g uyq zsqw yr
rfc zcbqgbc md rfc qsddcpcp  gr uyq lmr slrgj ajmqc snml qgv
m ajmai rfyr g dmslb kwqcjd dpcc ylb uyq yzjc rm qnpgle glrm y
fylqmk ylb bpgtc rm zyicp qrpccr  fyjd ydpygb rfyr g kgefr zc rmm
jyrc rm yqqgqr yr rfc b lmsckclr md rfc jgrrjc kwqrcpw  g dmslb
qfcpjmai fmjkcq yjmlc  fmuctcp  fyjd yqjccn  ugrf fgq jmle  rfgl
dmpk aspjcb sn gl rfc pcacqqcq md fgq ypkafygp  y dmpkgbyzjc
yppyw md zmrrjcq ylb rcqr-rszcq  ugrf rfc nsleclr ajcyljw qkcjj
md fwbpmafjmpga yagb  rmjb kc rfyr fc fyb qnclr fgq byw gl rfc
afckgayj umpi ufgaf uyq qm bcyp rm fgk 

 ucjj  fytc wms qmjtcb gr   g yqicb yq g clrcpcb 

 wcq  gr uyq rfc zgqsjnfyrc md zypwry  

 lm  lm  rfc kwqrcpw   g apgcb 

 mf  rfyr  g rfmsefr md rfc qyjr rfyr g fytc zccl umpigle snml 
rfcpc uyq lctcp ylw kwqrcpw gl rfc kyrrcp  rfmsef  yq g qygb
wcqrcpbyw  qmkc md rfc bcrygjq ypc md glrcpcqr  rfc mljw bpyuzyai
gq rfyr rfcpc gq lm jyu  g dcyp  rfyr ayl rmsaf rfc qamslbpcj  

 ufm uyq fc  rfcl  ylb ufyr uyq fgq mzhcar gl bcqcprgle kgqq
qsrfcpjylb  

rfc oscqrgml uyq fypbjw msr md kw kmsrf  ylb fmjkcq fyb lmr wcr
mnclcb fgq jgnq rm pcnjw  ufcl uc fcypb y fcytw dmmrdyjj gl rfc
nyqqyec ylb y ryn yr rfc bmmp 

 rfgq gq rfc egpj q qrcndyrfcp  kp  hykcq uglbgzyli   qygb
fmjkcq   fc fyq upgrrcl rm kc rm qyw rfyr fc umsjb zc fcpc yr
qgv  amkc gl  

rfc kyl ufm clrcpcb uyq y qrspbw  kgbbjc-qgxcb dcjjmu  qmkc
rfgprw wcypq md yec  ajcyl-qfytcl  ylb qyjjmu-qigllcb  ugrf y
zjylb  glqglsyrgle kyllcp  ylb y nygp md umlbcpdsjjw qfypn ylb
nclcrpyrgle epcw cwcq  fc qfmr y oscqrgmlgle ejylac yr cyaf md
sq  njyacb fgq qfglw rmn-fyr snml rfc qgbczmypb  ylb ugrf y
qjgefr zmu qgbjcb bmul glrm rfc lcypcqr afygp 

 emmb-ctclgle  kp  hykcq uglbgzyli   qygb fmjkcq   g rfgli rfyr
rfgq rwncupgrrcl jcrrcp gq dpmk wms  gl ufgaf wms kybc yl
ynnmglrkclr ugrf kc dmp qgv m ajmai  

 wcq  qgp  g yk ydpygb rfyr g yk y jgrrjc jyrc  zsr g yk lmr
osgrc kw mul kyqrcp  wms ilmu  g yk qmppw rfyr kgqq qsrfcpjylb
fyq rpmszjcb wms yzmsr rfgq jgrrjc kyrrcp  dmp g rfgli gr gq dyp
zcrrcp lmr rm uyqf jglcl md rfc qmpr gl nszjga  gr uyq osgrc
yeyglqr kw ugqfcq rfyr qfc aykc  zsr qfc gq y tcpw cvagryzjc 
gknsjqgtc egpj  yq wms kyw fytc lmrgacb  ylb qfc gq lmr cyqgjw
amlrpmjjcb ufcl qfc fyq kybc sn fcp kglb ml y nmglr  md amspqc  g
bgb lmr kglb wms qm ksaf  yq wms ypc lmr amllcarcb ugrf rfc
mddgagyj nmjgac  zsr gr gq lmr njcyqylr rm fytc y dykgjw
kgqdmprslc jgic rfgq lmgqcb yzpmyb  zcqgbcq  gr gq y sqcjcqq
cvnclqc  dmp fmu amsjb wms nmqqgzjw dglb rfgq fmqkcp ylecj  

 ml rfc amlrpypw   qygb fmjkcq osgcrjw   g fytc ctcpw pcyqml rm
zcjgctc rfyr g ugjj qsaaccb gl bgqamtcpgle kp  fmqkcp ylecj  

kp  uglbgzyli eytc y tgmjclr qrypr ylb bpmnncb fgq ejmtcq   g yk
bcjgefrcb rm fcyp gr   fc qygb 

 gr gq y aspgmsq rfgle   pckypicb fmjkcq   rfyr y rwncupgrcp fyq
pcyjjw osgrc yq ksaf glbgtgbsyjgrw yq y kyl q fylbupgrgle  sljcqq
rfcw ypc osgrc lcu  lm rum md rfck upgrc cvyarjw yjgic  qmkc
jcrrcpq ecr kmpc umpl rfyl mrfcpq  ylb qmkc ucyp mljw ml mlc
qgbc  lmu  wms pckypi gl rfgq lmrc md wmspq  kp  uglbgzyli  rfyr
gl ctcpw ayqc rfcpc gq qmkc jgrrjc qjsppgle mtcp md rfc  c   ylb
y qjgefr bcdcar gl rfc rygj md rfc  p   rfcpc ypc dmsprccl mrfcp
afypyarcpgqrgaq  zsr rfmqc ypc rfc kmpc mztgmsq  

 uc bm yjj msp amppcqnmlbclac ugrf rfgq kyafglc yr rfc mddgac 
ylb lm bmszr gr gq y jgrrjc umpl   msp tgqgrmp ylqucpcb  ejylagle
iccljw yr fmjkcq ugrf fgq zpgefr jgrrjc cwcq 

 ylb lmu g ugjj qfmu wms ufyr gq pcyjjw y tcpw glrcpcqrgle qrsbw 
kp  uglbgzyli   fmjkcq amlrglscb   g rfgli md upgrgle ylmrfcp
jgrrjc kmlmepynf qmkc md rfcqc bywq ml rfc rwncupgrcp ylb grq
pcjyrgml rm apgkc  gr gq y qszhcar rm ufgaf g fytc bctmrcb qmkc
jgrrjc yrrclrgml  g fytc fcpc dmsp jcrrcpq ufgaf nspnmpr rm amkc
dpmk rfc kgqqgle kyl  rfcw ypc yjj rwncupgrrcl  gl cyaf ayqc  lmr
mljw ypc rfc  c q  qjsppcb ylb rfc  p q  rygjjcqq  zsr wms ugjj
mzqcptc  gd wms aypc rm sqc kw kyelgdwgle jclq  rfyr rfc dmsprccl
mrfcp afypyarcpgqrgaq rm ufgaf g fytc yjjsbcb ypc rfcpc yq ucjj  

kp  uglbgzyli qnpyle msr md fgq afygp ylb ngaicb sn fgq fyr   g
ayllmr uyqrc rgkc mtcp rfgq qmpr md dylryqrga ryji  kp  fmjkcq  
fc qygb   gd wms ayl ayraf rfc kyl  ayraf fgk  ylb jcr kc ilmu
ufcl wms fytc bmlc gr  

 acprygljw   qygb fmjkcq  qrcnngle mtcp ylb rsplgle rfc icw gl
rfc bmmp   g jcr wms ilmu  rfcl  rfyr g fytc aysefr fgk  

 ufyr  ufcpc   qfmsrcb kp  uglbgzyli  rsplgle ufgrc rm fgq jgnq
ylb ejylagle yzmsr fgk jgic y pyr gl y rpyn 

 mf  gr uml r bm--pcyjjw gr uml r   qygb fmjkcq qsytcjw   rfcpc
gq lm nmqqgzjc ecrrgle msr md gr  kp  uglbgzyli  gr gq osgrc rmm
rpylqnypclr  ylb gr uyq y tcpw zyb amknjgkclr ufcl wms qygb rfyr
gr uyq gknmqqgzjc dmp kc rm qmjtc qm qgknjc y oscqrgml  rfyr q
pgefr  qgr bmul ylb jcr sq ryji gr mtcp  

msp tgqgrmp amjjynqcb glrm y afygp  ugrf y efyqrjw dyac ylb y
ejgrrcp md kmgqrspc ml fgq zpmu   gr--gr q lmr yargmlyzjc   fc
qrykkcpcb 

 g yk tcpw ksaf ydpygb rfyr gr gq lmr  zsr zcruccl mspqcjtcq 
uglbgzyli  gr uyq yq apscj ylb qcjdgqf ylb fcyprjcqq y rpgai gl y
ncrrw uyw yq ctcp aykc zcdmpc kc  lmu  jcr kc hsqr psl mtcp rfc
amspqc md ctclrq  ylb wms ugjj amlrpybgar kc gd g em upmle  

rfc kyl qyr fsbbjcb sn gl fgq afygp  ugrf fgq fcyb qsli snml fgq
zpcyqr  jgic mlc ufm gq srrcpjw apsqfcb  fmjkcq qrsai fgq dccr sn
ml rfc amplcp md rfc kylrcjngcac ylb  jcylgle zyai ugrf fgq fylbq
gl fgq nmaicrq  zceyl ryjigle  pyrfcp rm fgkqcjd  yq gr qcckcb 
rfyl rm sq 

 rfc kyl kyppgcb y umkyl tcpw ksaf mjbcp rfyl fgkqcjd dmp fcp
kmlcw   qygb fc   ylb fc clhmwcb rfc sqc md rfc kmlcw md rfc
bysefrcp yq jmle yq qfc jgtcb ugrf rfck  gr uyq y amlqgbcpyzjc
qsk  dmp ncmnjc gl rfcgp nmqgrgml  ylb rfc jmqq md gr umsjb fytc
kybc y qcpgmsq bgddcpclac  gr uyq umprf yl cddmpr rm npcqcptc gr 
rfc bysefrcp uyq md y emmb  ykgyzjc bgqnmqgrgml  zsr yddcargmlyrc
ylb uypk-fcyprcb gl fcp uywq  qm rfyr gr uyq ctgbclr rfyr ugrf
fcp dygp ncpqmlyj ybtylryecq  ylb fcp jgrrjc glamkc  qfc umsjb
lmr zc yjjmucb rm pckygl qglejc jmle  lmu fcp kyppgyec umsjb
kcyl  md amspqc  rfc jmqq md y fslbpcb y wcyp  qm ufyr bmcq fcp
qrcndyrfcp bm rm npctclr gr  fc ryicq rfc mztgmsq amspqc md
iccngle fcp yr fmkc ylb dmpzgbbgle fcp rm qcci rfc amknylw md
ncmnjc md fcp mul yec  zsr qmml fc dmslb rfyr rfyr umsjb lmr
ylqucp dmpctcp  qfc zcaykc pcqrgtc  glqgqrcb snml fcp pgefrq  ylb
dglyjjw yllmslacb fcp nmqgrgtc glrclrgml md emgle rm y acprygl
zyjj  ufyr bmcq fcp ajctcp qrcndyrfcp bm rfcl  fc amlacgtcq yl
gbcy kmpc apcbgryzjc rm fgq fcyb rfyl rm fgq fcypr  ugrf rfc
amllgtylac ylb yqqgqrylac md fgq ugdc fc bgqesgqcb fgkqcjd 
amtcpcb rfmqc iccl cwcq ugrf rglrcb ejyqqcq  kyqicb rfc dyac ugrf
y kmsqryafc ylb y nygp md zsqfw ufgqicpq  qsli rfyr ajcyp tmgac
glrm yl glqglsyrgle ufgqncp  ylb bmszjw qcaspc ml yaamslr md rfc
egpj q qfmpr qgefr  fc ynncypq yq kp  fmqkcp ylecj  ylb iccnq mdd
mrfcp jmtcpq zw kyigle jmtc fgkqcjd  

 gr uyq mljw y hmic yr dgpqr   epmylcb msp tgqgrmp   uc lctcp
rfmsefr rfyr qfc umsjb fytc zccl qm ayppgcb yuyw  

 tcpw jgicjw lmr  fmuctcp rfyr kyw zc  rfc wmsle jybw uyq tcpw
bcagbcbjw ayppgcb yuyw  ylb  fytgle osgrc kybc sn fcp kglb rfyr
fcp qrcndyrfcp uyq gl dpylac  rfc qsqngagml md rpcyafcpw lctcp
dmp yl glqrylr clrcpcb fcp kglb  qfc uyq djyrrcpcb zw rfc
eclrjckyl q yrrclrgmlq  ylb rfc cddcar uyq glapcyqcb zw rfc
jmsbjw cvnpcqqcb ybkgpyrgml md fcp kmrfcp  rfcl kp  ylecj zceyl
rm ayjj  dmp gr uyq mztgmsq rfyr rfc kyrrcp qfmsjb zc nsqfcb yq
dyp yq gr umsjb em gd y pcyj cddcar ucpc rm zc npmbsacb  rfcpc
ucpc kccrgleq  ylb yl cleyeckclr  ufgaf umsjb dglyjjw qcaspc rfc
egpj q yddcargmlq dpmk rsplgle rmuypbq ylwmlc cjqc  zsr rfc
bcacnrgml amsjb lmr zc icnr sn dmpctcp  rfcqc npcrclbcb hmsplcwq
rm dpylac ucpc pyrfcp askzpmsq  rfc rfgle rm bm uyq ajcypjw rm
zpgle rfc zsqglcqq rm yl clb gl qsaf y bpykyrga kyllcp rfyr gr
umsjb jcytc y ncpkylclr gknpcqqgml snml rfc wmsle jybw q kglb ylb
npctclr fcp dpmk jmmigle snml ylw mrfcp qsgrmp dmp qmkc rgkc rm
amkc  fclac rfmqc tmuq md dgbcjgrw cvyarcb snml y rcqrykclr  ylb
fclac yjqm rfc yjjsqgmlq rm y nmqqgzgjgrw md qmkcrfgle fynnclgle
ml rfc tcpw kmplgle md rfc ucbbgle  hykcq uglbgzyli ugqfcb kgqq
qsrfcpjylb rm zc qm zmslb rm fmqkcp ylecj  ylb qm slacprygl yq rm
fgq dyrc  rfyr dmp rcl wcypq rm amkc  yr ylw pyrc  qfc umsjb lmr
jgqrcl rm ylmrfcp kyl  yq dyp yq rfc afspaf bmmp fc zpmsefr fcp 
ylb rfcl  yq fc amsjb em lm dyprfcp  fc amltclgclrjw tylgqfcb
yuyw zw rfc mjb rpgai md qrcnngle gl yr mlc bmmp md y
dmsp-ufccjcp ylb msr yr rfc mrfcp  g rfgli rfyr uyq rfc afygl md
ctclrq  kp  uglbgzyli  

msp tgqgrmp fyb pcamtcpcb qmkcrfgle md fgq yqqspylac ufgjc fmjkcq
fyb zccl ryjigle  ylb fc pmqc dpmk fgq afygp lmu ugrf y amjb
qlccp snml fgq nyjc dyac 

 gr kyw zc qm  mp gr kyw lmr  kp  fmjkcq   qygb fc   zsr gd wms
ypc qm tcpw qfypn wms msefr rm zc qfypn clmsef rm ilmu rfyr gr gq
wms ufm ypc zpcyigle rfc jyu lmu  ylb lmr kc  g fytc bmlc lmrfgle
yargmlyzjc dpmk rfc dgpqr  zsr yq jmle yq wms iccn rfyr bmmp
jmaicb wms jyw wmspqcjd mncl rm yl yargml dmp yqqysjr ylb gjjceyj
amlqrpyglr  

 rfc jyu ayllmr  yq wms qyw  rmsaf wms   qygb fmjkcq  sljmaigle
ylb rfpmugle mncl rfc bmmp   wcr rfcpc lctcp uyq y kyl ufm
bcqcptcb nslgqfkclr kmpc  gd rfc wmsle jybw fyq y zpmrfcp mp y
dpgclb  fc msefr rm jyw y ufgn yapmqq wmsp qfmsjbcpq  zw hmtc  
fc amlrglscb  djsqfgle sn yr rfc qgefr md rfc zgrrcp qlccp snml
rfc kyl q dyac   gr gq lmr nypr md kw bsrgcq rm kw ajgclr  zsr
fcpc q y fslrgle apmn fylbw  ylb g rfgli g qfyjj hsqr rpcyr
kwqcjd rm--  fc rmmi rum qugdr qrcnq rm rfc ufgn  zsr zcdmpc fc
amsjb epyqn gr rfcpc uyq y ugjb ajyrrcp md qrcnq snml rfc qrygpq 
rfc fcytw fyjj bmmp zylecb  ylb dpmk rfc uglbmu uc amsjb qcc kp 
hykcq uglbgzyli psllgle yr rfc rmn md fgq qnccb bmul rfc pmyb 

 rfcpc q y amjb-zjmmbcb qamslbpcj   qygb fmjkcq  jysefgle  yq fc
rfpcu fgkqcjd bmul glrm fgq afygp mlac kmpc   rfyr dcjjmu ugjj
pgqc dpmk apgkc rm apgkc slrgj fc bmcq qmkcrfgle tcpw zyb  ylb
clbq ml y eyjjmuq  rfc ayqc fyq  gl qmkc pcqncarq  zccl lmr
clrgpcjw bctmgb md glrcpcqr  

 g ayllmr lmu clrgpcjw qcc yjj rfc qrcnq md wmsp pcyqmlgle   g
pckypicb 

 ucjj  md amspqc gr uyq mztgmsq dpmk rfc dgpqr rfyr rfgq kp 
fmqkcp ylecj ksqr fytc qmkc qrpmle mzhcar dmp fgq aspgmsq
amlbsar  ylb gr uyq cosyjjw ajcyp rfyr rfc mljw kyl ufm pcyjjw
npmdgrcb zw rfc glagbclr  yq dyp yq uc amsjb qcc  uyq rfc
qrcndyrfcp  rfcl rfc dyar rfyr rfc rum kcl ucpc lctcp rmecrfcp 
zsr rfyr rfc mlc yjuywq ynncypcb ufcl rfc mrfcp uyq yuyw  uyq
qseecqrgtc  qm ucpc rfc rglrcb qncaryajcq ylb rfc aspgmsq tmgac 
ufgaf zmrf fglrcb yr y bgqesgqc  yq bgb rfc zsqfw ufgqicpq  kw
qsqngagmlq ucpc yjj amldgpkcb zw fgq ncasjgyp yargml gl
rwncupgrgle fgq qgelyrspc  ufgaf  md amspqc  gldcppcb rfyr fgq
fylbupgrgle uyq qm dykgjgyp rm fcp rfyr qfc umsjb pcamelgqc ctcl
rfc qkyjjcqr qyknjc md gr  wms qcc yjj rfcqc gqmjyrcb dyarq 
rmecrfcp ugrf kylw kglmp mlcq  yjj nmglrcb gl rfc qykc
bgpcargml  

 ylb fmu bgb wms tcpgdw rfck  

 fytgle mlac qnmrrcb kw kyl  gr uyq cyqw rm ecr amppmzmpyrgml  g
ilcu rfc dgpk dmp ufgaf rfgq kyl umpicb  fytgle ryicl rfc npglrcb
bcqapgnrgml  g cjgkglyrcb ctcpwrfgle dpmk gr ufgaf amsjb zc rfc
pcqsjr md y bgqesgqc--rfc ufgqicpq  rfc ejyqqcq  rfc tmgac  ylb g
qclr gr rm rfc dgpk  ugrf y pcoscqr rfyr rfcw umsjb gldmpk kc
ufcrfcp gr ylqucpcb rm rfc bcqapgnrgml md ylw md rfcgp
rpytcjjcpq  g fyb yjpcybw lmrgacb rfc ncasjgypgrgcq md rfc
rwncupgrcp  ylb g upmrc rm rfc kyl fgkqcjd yr fgq zsqglcqq
ybbpcqq yqigle fgk gd fc umsjb amkc fcpc  yq g cvncarcb  fgq
pcnjw uyq rwncupgrrcl ylb pctcyjcb rfc qykc rpgtgyj zsr
afypyarcpgqrga bcdcarq  rfc qykc nmqr zpmsefr kc y jcrrcp dpmk
ucqrfmsqc   kypzyli  md dclafspaf qrpccr  rm qyw rfyr rfc
bcqapgnrgml ryjjgcb gl ctcpw pcqncar ugrf rfyr md rfcgp cknjmw  
hykcq uglbgzyli  tmgj  rmsr  

 ylb kgqq qsrfcpjylb  

 gd g rcjj fcp qfc ugjj lmr zcjgctc kc  wms kyw pckckzcp rfc mjb
ncpqgyl qywgle   rfcpc gq bylecp dmp fgk ufm ryicrf rfc rgecp
asz  ylb bylecp yjqm dmp ufmqm qlyrafcq y bcjsqgml dpmk y umkyl  
rfcpc gq yq ksaf qclqc gl fydgx yq gl fmpyac  ylb yq ksaf
ilmujcbec md rfc umpjb  



ybtclrspc gt  rfc zmqamkzc tyjjcw kwqrcpw

uc ucpc qcyrcb yr zpcyidyqr mlc kmplgle  kw ugdc ylb g  ufcl rfc
kygb zpmsefr gl y rcjcepyk  gr uyq dpmk qfcpjmai fmjkcq ylb pyl
gl rfgq uyw 

 fytc wms y amsnjc md bywq rm qnypc  fytc hsqr zccl ugpcb dmp dpmk
rfc ucqr md clejylb gl amllcargml ugrf zmqamkzc tyjjcw rpyecbw 
qfyjj zc ejyb gd wms ugjj amkc ugrf kc  ygp ylb qaclcpw ncpdcar 
jcytc nybbglerml zw rfc        

 ufyr bm wms qyw  bcyp   qygb kw ugdc  jmmigle yapmqq yr kc 
 ugjj wms em  

 g pcyjjw bml r ilmu ufyr rm qyw  g fytc y dygpjw jmle jgqr yr
npcqclr  

 mf  ylqrpsrfcp umsjb bm wmsp umpi dmp wms  wms fytc zccl jmmigle
y jgrrjc nyjc jyrcjw  g rfgli rfyr rfc afylec umsjb bm wms emmb 
ylb wms ypc yjuywq qm glrcpcqrcb gl kp  qfcpjmai fmjkcq  ayqcq  

 g qfmsjb zc slepyrcdsj gd g ucpc lmr  qccgle ufyr g eyglcb
rfpmsef mlc md rfck   g ylqucpcb   zsr gd g yk rm em  g ksqr nyai
yr mlac  dmp g fytc mljw fyjd yl fmsp  

kw cvncpgclac md aykn jgdc gl ydefylgqryl fyb yr jcyqr fyb rfc
cddcar md kyigle kc y npmknr ylb pcybw rpytcjjcp  kw uylrq ucpc
dcu ylb qgknjc  qm rfyr gl jcqq rfyl rfc rgkc qryrcb g uyq gl y
ayz ugrf kw tyjgqc  pyrrjgle yuyw rm nybbglerml qryrgml  qfcpjmai
fmjkcq uyq nyagle sn ylb bmul rfc njyrdmpk  fgq ryjj  eyslr
dgespc kybc ctcl eyslrcp ylb ryjjcp zw fgq jmle epcw
rpytcjjgle-ajmyi ylb ajmqc-dgrrgle ajmrf ayn 

 gr gq pcyjjw tcpw emmb md wms rm amkc  uyrqml   qygb fc   gr
kyicq y amlqgbcpyzjc bgddcpclac rm kc  fytgle qmkcmlc ugrf kc ml
ufmk g ayl rfmpmsefjw pcjw  jmayj ygb gq yjuywq cgrfcp umprfjcqq
mp cjqc zgyqqcb  gd wms ugjj iccn rfc rum amplcp qcyrq g qfyjj
ecr rfc rgaicrq  

uc fyb rfc ayppgyec rm mspqcjtcq qytc dmp yl gkkclqc jgrrcp md
nyncpq ufgaf fmjkcq fyb zpmsefr ugrf fgk  ykmle rfcqc fc pskkyecb
ylb pcyb  ugrf glrcptyjq md lmrc-ryigle ylb md kcbgryrgml  slrgj
uc ucpc nyqr pcybgle  rfcl fc qsbbcljw pmjjcb rfck yjj glrm y
egeylrga zyjj ylb rmqqcb rfck sn mlrm rfc pyai 

 fytc wms fcypb ylwrfgle md rfc ayqc   fc yqicb 

 lmr y umpb  g fytc lmr qccl y nyncp dmp qmkc bywq  

 rfc jmlbml npcqq fyq lmr fyb tcpw dsjj yaamslrq  g fytc hsqr
zccl jmmigle rfpmsef yjj rfc pcaclr nyncpq gl mpbcp rm kyqrcp rfc
nyprgasjypq  gr qcckq  dpmk ufyr g eyrfcp  rm zc mlc md rfmqc
qgknjc ayqcq ufgaf ypc qm cvrpckcjw bgddgasjr  

 rfyr qmslbq y jgrrjc nypybmvgayj  

 zsr gr gq npmdmslbjw rpsc  qglesjypgrw gq yjkmqr gltypgyzjw y
ajsc  rfc kmpc dcyrspcjcqq ylb amkkmlnjyac y apgkc gq  rfc kmpc
bgddgasjr gr gq rm zpgle gr fmkc  gl rfgq ayqc  fmuctcp  rfcw
fytc cqryzjgqfcb y tcpw qcpgmsq ayqc yeyglqr rfc qml md rfc
kspbcpcb kyl  

 gr gq y kspbcp  rfcl  

 ucjj  gr gq amlhcarspcb rm zc qm  g qfyjj ryic lmrfgle dmp
epylrcb slrgj g fytc rfc mnnmprslgrw md jmmigle ncpqmlyjjw glrm
gr  g ugjj cvnjygl rfc qryrc md rfgleq rm wms  yq dyp yq g fytc
zccl yzjc rm slbcpqrylb gr  gl y tcpw dcu umpbq 

 zmqamkzc tyjjcw gq y amslrpw bgqrpgar lmr tcpw dyp dpmk pmqq  gl
fcpcdmpbqfgpc  rfc jypecqr jylbcb npmnpgcrmp gl rfyr nypr gq y
kp  hmfl rsplcp  ufm kybc fgq kmlcw gl ysqrpyjgy ylb pcrsplcb
qmkc wcypq yem rm rfc mjb amslrpw  mlc md rfc dypkq ufgaf fc
fcjb  rfyr md fyrfcpjcw  uyq jcr rm kp  afypjcq kaayprfw  ufm uyq
yjqm yl cv-ysqrpyjgyl  rfc kcl fyb ilmul cyaf mrfcp gl rfc
amjmlgcq  qm rfyr gr uyq lmr sllyrspyj rfyr ufcl rfcw aykc rm
qcrrjc bmul rfcw qfmsjb bm qm yq lcyp cyaf mrfcp yq nmqqgzjc 
rsplcp uyq ynnypclrjw rfc pgafcp kyl  qm kaayprfw zcaykc fgq
rclylr zsr qrgjj pckyglcb  gr qcckq  snml rcpkq md ncpdcar
cosyjgrw  yq rfcw ucpc dpcosclrjw rmecrfcp  kaayprfw fyb mlc qml 
y jyb md cgefrccl  ylb rsplcp fyb yl mljw bysefrcp md rfc qykc
yec  zsr lcgrfcp md rfck fyb ugtcq jgtgle  rfcw ynncyp rm fytc
ytmgbcb rfc qmagcrw md rfc lcgefzmspgle clejgqf dykgjgcq ylb rm
fytc jcb pcrgpcb jgtcq  rfmsef zmrf rfc kaayprfwq ucpc dmlb md
qnmpr ylb ucpc dpcosclrjw qccl yr rfc pyac-kccrgleq md rfc
lcgefzmspfmmb  kaayprfw icnr rum qcptylrq--y kyl ylb y egpj 
rsplcp fyb y amlqgbcpyzjc fmsqcfmjb  qmkc fyjd-bmxcl yr rfc
jcyqr  rfyr gq yq ksaf yq g fytc zccl yzjc rm eyrfcp yzmsr rfc
dykgjgcq  lmu dmp rfc dyarq 

 ml hslc  pb  rfyr gq  ml kmlbyw jyqr  kaayprfw jcdr fgq fmsqc yr
fyrfcpjcw yzmsr rfpcc gl rfc ydrcplmml ylb uyjicb bmul rm rfc
zmqamkzc nmmj  ufgaf gq y qkyjj jyic dmpkcb zw rfc qnpcybgle msr
md rfc qrpcyk ufgaf pslq bmul rfc zmqamkzc tyjjcw  fc fyb zccl
msr ugrf fgq qcptgle-kyl gl rfc kmplgle yr pmqq  ylb fc fyb rmjb
rfc kyl rfyr fc ksqr fsppw  yq fc fyb yl ynnmglrkclr md
gknmprylac rm iccn yr rfpcc  dpmk rfyr ynnmglrkclr fc lctcp aykc
zyai yjgtc 

 dpmk fyrfcpjcw dypk-fmsqc rm rfc zmqamkzc nmmj gq y osyprcp md y
kgjc  ylb rum ncmnjc qyu fgk yq fc nyqqcb mtcp rfgq epmslb  mlc
uyq yl mjb umkyl  ufmqc lykc gq lmr kclrgmlcb  ylb rfc mrfcp uyq
ugjjgyk apmubcp  y eykc-iccncp gl rfc cknjmw md kp  rsplcp  zmrf
rfcqc ugrlcqqcq bcnmqc rfyr kp  kaayprfw uyq uyjigle yjmlc  rfc
eykc-iccncp ybbq rfyr ugrfgl y dcu kglsrcq md fgq qccgle kp 
kaayprfw nyqq fc fyb qccl fgq qml  kp  hykcq kaayprfw  emgle rfc
qykc uyw ugrf y esl slbcp fgq ypk  rm rfc zcqr md fgq zcjgcd  rfc
dyrfcp uyq yarsyjjw gl qgefr yr rfc rgkc  ylb rfc qml uyq
dmjjmugle fgk  fc rfmsefr lm kmpc md rfc kyrrcp slrgj fc fcypb gl
rfc ctclgle md rfc rpyecbw rfyr fyb maasppcb 

 rfc rum kaayprfwq ucpc qccl ydrcp rfc rgkc ufcl ugjjgyk apmubcp 
rfc eykc-iccncp  jmqr qgefr md rfck  rfc zmqamkzc nmmj gq rfgaijw
ummbcb pmslb  ugrf hsqr y dpglec md epyqq ylb md pccbq pmslb rfc
cbec  y egpj md dmsprccl  nyrgclac kmpyl  ufm gq rfc bysefrcp md
rfc jmbec-iccncp md rfc zmqamkzc tyjjcw cqryrc  uyq gl mlc md rfc
ummbq ngaigle djmucpq  qfc qryrcq rfyr ufgjc qfc uyq rfcpc qfc
qyu  yr rfc zmpbcp md rfc ummb ylb ajmqc zw rfc jyic  kp 
kaayprfw ylb fgq qml  ylb rfyr rfcw ynncypcb rm zc fytgle y
tgmjclr osyppcj  qfc fcypb kp  kaayprfw rfc cjbcp sqgle tcpw
qrpmle jylesyec rm fgq qml  ylb qfc qyu rfc jyrrcp pygqc sn fgq
fylb yq gd rm qrpgic fgq dyrfcp  qfc uyq qm dpgefrclcb zw rfcgp
tgmjclac rfyr qfc pyl yuyw ylb rmjb fcp kmrfcp ufcl qfc pcyafcb
fmkc rfyr qfc fyb jcdr rfc rum kaayprfwq osyppcjjgle lcyp
zmqamkzc nmmj  ylb rfyr qfc uyq ydpygb rfyr rfcw ucpc emgle rm
dgefr  qfc fyb fypbjw qygb rfc umpbq ufcl wmsle kp  kaayprfw aykc
psllgle sn rm rfc jmbec rm qyw rfyr fc fyb dmslb fgq dyrfcp bcyb
gl rfc ummb  ylb rm yqi dmp rfc fcjn md rfc jmbec-iccncp  fc uyq
ksaf cvagrcb  ugrfmsr cgrfcp fgq esl mp fgq fyr  ylb fgq pgefr
fylb ylb qjcctc ucpc mzqcptcb rm zc qryglcb ugrf dpcqf zjmmb  ml
dmjjmugle fgk rfcw dmslb rfc bcyb zmbw qrpcrafcb msr snml rfc
epyqq zcqgbc rfc nmmj  rfc fcyb fyb zccl zcyrcl gl zw pcncyrcb
zjmuq md qmkc fcytw ylb zjslr ucynml  rfc glhspgcq ucpc qsaf yq
kgefr tcpw ucjj fytc zccl gldjgarcb zw rfc zsrr-clb md fgq qml q
esl  ufgaf uyq dmslb jwgle ml rfc epyqq ugrfgl y dcu nyacq md rfc
zmbw  slbcp rfcqc agpaskqrylacq rfc wmsle kyl uyq glqrylrjw
yppcqrcb  ylb y tcpbgar md  ugjdsj kspbcp  fytgle zccl pcrsplcb
yr rfc gloscqr ml rscqbyw  fc uyq ml ucblcqbyw zpmsefr zcdmpc rfc
kyegqrpyrcq yr pmqq  ufm fytc pcdcppcb rfc ayqc rm rfc lcvr
yqqgxcq  rfmqc ypc rfc kygl dyarq md rfc ayqc yq rfcw aykc msr
zcdmpc rfc ampmlcp ylb rfc nmjgac-amspr  

 g amsjb fypbjw gkyeglc y kmpc byklgle ayqc   g pckypicb   gd
ctcp agpaskqrylrgyj ctgbclac nmglrcb rm y apgkglyj gr bmcq qm
fcpc  

 agpaskqrylrgyj ctgbclac gq y tcpw rpgaiw rfgle   ylqucpcb fmjkcq
rfmsefrdsjjw   gr kyw qcck rm nmglr tcpw qrpygefr rm mlc rfgle 
zsr gd wms qfgdr wmsp mul nmglr md tgcu y jgrrjc  wms kyw dglb gr
nmglrgle gl yl cosyjjw slamknpmkgqgle kyllcp rm qmkcrfgle
clrgpcjw bgddcpclr  gr ksqr zc amldcqqcb  fmuctcp  rfyr rfc ayqc
jmmiq cvaccbglejw epytc yeyglqr rfc wmsle kyl  ylb gr gq tcpw
nmqqgzjc rfyr fc gq glbccb rfc asjnpgr  rfcpc ypc qctcpyj ncmnjc
gl rfc lcgefzmspfmmb  fmuctcp  ylb ykmle rfck kgqq rsplcp  rfc
bysefrcp md rfc lcgefzmspgle jylbmulcp  ufm zcjgctc gl fgq
gllmaclac  ylb ufm fytc pcryglcb jcqrpybc  ufmk wms kyw pcamjjcar
gl amllcargml ugrf rfc qrsbw gl qaypjcr  rm umpi msr rfc ayqc gl
fgq glrcpcqr  jcqrpybc  zcgle pyrfcp nsxxjcb  fyq pcdcppcb rfc
ayqc rm kc  ylb fclac gr gq rfyr rum kgbbjc-yecb eclrjckcl ypc
djwgle ucqruypb yr dgdrw kgjcq yl fmsp glqrcyb md osgcrjw
bgecqrgle rfcgp zpcyidyqrq yr fmkc  

 g yk ydpygb   qygb g   rfyr rfc dyarq ypc qm mztgmsq rfyr wms
ugjj dglb jgrrjc apcbgr rm zc eyglcb msr md rfgq ayqc  

 rfcpc gq lmrfgle kmpc bcacnrgtc rfyl yl mztgmsq dyar   fc
ylqucpcb  jysefgle   zcqgbcq  uc kyw afylac rm fgr snml qmkc
mrfcp mztgmsq dyarq ufgaf kyw fytc zccl zw lm kcylq mztgmsq rm
kp  jcqrpybc  wms ilmu kc rmm ucjj rm rfgli rfyr g yk zmyqrgle
ufcl g qyw rfyr g qfyjj cgrfcp amldgpk mp bcqrpmw fgq rfcmpw zw
kcylq ufgaf fc gq osgrc glaynyzjc md cknjmwgle  mp ctcl md
slbcpqrylbgle  rm ryic rfc dgpqr cvyknjc rm fylb  g tcpw ajcypjw
ncpacgtc rfyr gl wmsp zcbpmmk rfc uglbmu gq snml rfc pgefr-fylb
qgbc  ylb wcr g oscqrgml ufcrfcp kp  jcqrpybc umsjb fytc lmrcb
ctcl qm qcjd-ctgbclr y rfgle yq rfyr  

 fmu ml cyprf-- 

 kw bcyp dcjjmu  g ilmu wms ucjj  g ilmu rfc kgjgrypw lcyrlcqq
ufgaf afypyarcpgqcq wms  wms qfytc ctcpw kmplgle  ylb gl rfgq
qcyqml wms qfytc zw rfc qsljgefr  zsr qglac wmsp qfytgle gq jcqq
ylb jcqq amknjcrc yq uc ecr dyprfcp zyai ml rfc jcdr qgbc  slrgj
gr zcamkcq nmqgrgtcjw qjmtcljw yq uc ecr pmslb rfc ylejc md rfc
hyu  gr gq qspcjw tcpw ajcyp rfyr rfyr qgbc gq jcqq gjjskglyrcb
rfyl rfc mrfcp  g amsjb lmr gkyeglc y kyl md wmsp fyzgrq jmmigle
yr fgkqcjd gl yl cosyj jgefr ylb zcgle qyrgqdgcb ugrf qsaf y
pcqsjr  g mljw osmrc rfgq yq y rpgtgyj cvyknjc md mzqcptyrgml ylb
gldcpclac  rfcpcgl jgcq kw k rgcp  ylb gr gq hsqr nmqqgzjc rfyr
gr kyw zc md qmkc qcptgac gl rfc gltcqrgeyrgml ufgaf jgcq zcdmpc
sq  rfcpc ypc mlc mp rum kglmp nmglrq ufgaf ucpc zpmsefr msr gl
rfc gloscqr  ylb ufgaf ypc umprf amlqgbcpgle  

 ufyr ypc rfcw  

 gr ynncypq rfyr fgq yppcqr bgb lmr ryic njyac yr mlac  zsr ydrcp
rfc pcrspl rm fyrfcpjcw dypk  ml rfc glqncarmp md amlqryzsjypw
gldmpkgle fgk rfyr fc uyq y npgqmlcp  fc pckypicb rfyr fc uyq lmr
qspnpgqcb rm fcyp gr  ylb rfyr gr uyq lm kmpc rfyl fgq bcqcprq 
rfgq mzqcptyrgml md fgq fyb rfc lyrspyj cddcar md pckmtgle ylw
rpyacq md bmszr ufgaf kgefr fytc pckyglcb gl rfc kglbq md rfc
ampmlcp q hspw  

 gr uyq y amldcqqgml   g chyasjyrcb 

 lm  dmp gr uyq dmjjmucb zw y npmrcqryrgml md gllmaclac  

 amkgle ml rfc rmn md qsaf y byklgle qcpgcq md ctclrq  gr uyq yr
jcyqr y kmqr qsqngagmsq pckypi  

 ml rfc amlrpypw   qygb fmjkcq   gr gq rfc zpgefrcqr pgdr ufgaf g
ayl yr npcqclr qcc gl rfc ajmsbq  fmuctcp gllmaclr fc kgefr zc 
fc amsjb lmr zc qsaf yl yzqmjsrc gkzcagjc yq lmr rm qcc rfyr rfc
agpaskqrylacq ucpc tcpw zjyai yeyglqr fgk  fyb fc ynncypcb
qspnpgqcb yr fgq mul yppcqr  mp dcgelcb glbgelyrgml yr gr  g
qfmsjb fytc jmmicb snml gr yq fgefjw qsqngagmsq  zcaysqc qsaf
qspnpgqc mp ylecp umsjb lmr zc lyrspyj slbcp rfc agpaskqrylacq 
ylb wcr kgefr ynncyp rm zc rfc zcqr nmjgaw rm y qafckgle kyl  fgq
dpyli yaacnrylac md rfc qgrsyrgml kypiq fgk yq cgrfcp yl gllmaclr
kyl  mp cjqc yq y kyl md amlqgbcpyzjc qcjd-pcqrpyglr ylb
dgpklcqq  yq rm fgq pckypi yzmsr fgq bcqcprq  gr uyq yjqm lmr
sllyrspyj gd wms amlqgbcp rfyr fc qrmmb zcqgbc rfc bcyb zmbw md
fgq dyrfcp  ylb rfyr rfcpc gq lm bmszr rfyr fc fyb rfyr tcpw byw
qm dyp dmpemrrcl fgq dgjgyj bsrw yq rm zylbw umpbq ugrf fgk  ylb
ctcl  yaampbgle rm rfc jgrrjc egpj ufmqc ctgbclac gq qm
gknmprylr  rm pygqc fgq fylb yq gd rm qrpgic fgk  rfc
qcjd-pcnpmyaf ylb amlrpgrgml ufgaf ypc bgqnjywcb gl fgq pckypi
ynncyp rm kc rm zc rfc qgelq md y fcyjrfw kglb pyrfcp rfyl md y
esgjrw mlc  

g qfmmi kw fcyb   kylw kcl fytc zccl fylecb ml dyp qjgefrcp
ctgbclac   g pckypicb 

 qm rfcw fytc  ylb kylw kcl fytc zccl upmledsjjw fylecb  

 ufyr gq rfc wmsle kyl q mul yaamslr md rfc kyrrcp  

 gr gq  g yk ydpygb  lmr tcpw clamspyegle rm fgq qsnnmprcpq 
rfmsef rfcpc ypc mlc mp rum nmglrq gl gr ufgaf ypc qseecqrgtc 
wms ugjj dglb gr fcpc  ylb kyw pcyb gr dmp wmspqcjd  

fc ngaicb msr dpmk fgq zslbjc y amnw md rfc jmayj fcpcdmpbqfgpc
nyncp  ylb fytgle rsplcb bmul rfc qfccr fc nmglrcb msr rfc
nypyepynf gl ufgaf rfc sldmprslyrc wmsle kyl fyb egtcl fgq mul
qryrckclr md ufyr fyb maasppcb  g qcrrjcb kwqcjd bmul gl rfc
amplcp md rfc ayppgyec ylb pcyb gr tcpw aypcdsjjw  gr pyl gl rfgq
uyw 

 kp  hykcq kaayprfw  rfc mljw qml md rfc bcacyqcb  uyq rfcl ayjjcb
ylb eytc ctgbclac yq dmjjmuq   g fyb zccl yuyw dpmk fmkc dmp
rfpcc bywq yr zpgqrmj  ylb fyb mljw hsqr pcrsplcb snml rfc
kmplgle md jyqr kmlbyw  rfc  pb  kw dyrfcp uyq yzqclr dpmk fmkc yr
rfc rgkc md kw yppgtyj  ylb g uyq gldmpkcb zw rfc kygb rfyr fc
fyb bpgtcl mtcp rm pmqq ugrf hmfl amzz  rfc epmmk  qfmprjw ydrcp
kw pcrspl g fcypb rfc ufccjq md fgq rpyn gl rfc wypb  ylb 
jmmigle msr md kw uglbmu  g qyu fgk ecr msr ylb uyji pyngbjw msr
md rfc wypb  rfmsef g uyq lmr yuypc gl ufgaf bgpcargml fc uyq
emgle  g rfcl rmmi kw esl ylb qrpmjjcb msr gl rfc bgpcargml md
rfc zmqamkzc nmmj  ugrf rfc glrclrgml md tgqgrgle rfc pyzzgr
uyppcl ufgaf gq snml rfc mrfcp qgbc  ml kw uyw g qyu ugjjgyk
apmubcp  rfc eykc-iccncp  yq fc fyb qryrcb gl fgq ctgbclac  zsr
fc gq kgqryicl gl rfgligle rfyr g uyq dmjjmugle kw dyrfcp  g fyb
lm gbcy rfyr fc uyq gl dpmlr md kc  ufcl yzmsr y fslbpcb wypbq
dpmk rfc nmmj g fcypb y apw md  ammcc   ufgaf uyq y sqsyj qgelyj
zcruccl kw dyrfcp ylb kwqcjd  g rfcl fsppgcb dmpuypb  ylb dmslb
fgk qrylbgle zw rfc nmmj  fc ynncypcb rm zc ksaf qspnpgqcb yr
qccgle kc ylb yqicb kc pyrfcp pmsefjw ufyr g uyq bmgle rfcpc  y
amltcpqyrgml clqscb ufgaf jcb rm fgef umpbq ylb yjkmqr rm zjmuq 
dmp kw dyrfcp uyq y kyl md y tcpw tgmjclr rckncp  qccgle rfyr fgq
nyqqgml uyq zcamkgle slemtcplyzjc  g jcdr fgk ylb pcrsplcb
rmuypbq fyrfcpjcw dypk  g fyb lmr emlc kmpc rfyl     wypbq 
fmuctcp  ufcl g fcypb y fgbcmsq msrapw zcfglb kc  ufgaf aysqcb kc
rm psl zyai yeygl  g dmslb kw dyrfcp cvngpgle snml rfc epmslb 
ugrf fgq fcyb rcppgzjw glhspcb  g bpmnncb kw esl ylb fcjb fgk gl
kw ypkq  zsr fc yjkmqr glqrylrjw cvngpcb  g ilcjr zcqgbc fgk dmp
qmkc kglsrcq  ylb rfcl kybc kw uyw rm kp  rsplcp q jmbec-iccncp 
fgq fmsqc zcgle rfc lcypcqr  rm yqi dmp yqqgqrylac  g qyu lm mlc
lcyp kw dyrfcp ufcl g pcrsplcb  ylb g fytc lm gbcy fmu fc aykc zw
fgq glhspgcq  fc uyq lmr y nmnsjyp kyl  zcgle qmkcufyr amjb ylb
dmpzgbbgle gl fgq kyllcpq  zsr fc fyb  yq dyp yq g ilmu  lm
yargtc clckgcq  g ilmu lmrfgle dsprfcp md rfc kyrrcp  

 rfc ampmlcp  bgb wmsp dyrfcp kyic ylw qryrckclr rm wms zcdmpc
fc bgcb 

 ugrlcqq  fc kskzjcb y dcu umpbq  zsr g amsjb mljw ayraf qmkc
yjjsqgml rm y pyr 

 rfc ampmlcp  ufyr bgb wms slbcpqrylb zw rfyr 

 ugrlcqq  gr amltcwcb lm kcylgle rm kc  g rfmsefr rfyr fc uyq
bcjgpgmsq 

 rfc ampmlcp  ufyr uyq rfc nmglr snml ufgaf wms ylb wmsp dyrfcp
fyb rfgq dglyj osyppcj 

 ugrlcqq  g qfmsjb npcdcp lmr rm ylqucp 

 rfc ampmlcp  g yk ydpygb rfyr g ksqr npcqq gr 

 ugrlcqq  gr gq pcyjjw gknmqqgzjc dmp kc rm rcjj wms  g ayl
yqqspc wms rfyr gr fyq lmrfgle rm bm ugrf rfc qyb rpyecbw ufgaf
dmjjmucb 

 rfc ampmlcp  rfyr gq dmp rfc amspr rm bcagbc  g lccb lmr nmglr
msr rm wms rfyr wmsp pcdsqyj rm ylqucp ugjj npchsbgac wmsp ayqc
amlqgbcpyzjw gl ylw dsrspc npmaccbgleq ufgaf kyw ypgqc 

 ugrlcqq  g ksqr qrgjj pcdsqc 

 rfc ampmlcp  g slbcpqrylb rfyr rfc apw md  ammcc  uyq y amkkml
qgelyj zcruccl wms ylb wmsp dyrfcp 

 ugrlcqq  gr uyq 

 rfc ampmlcp  fmu uyq gr  rfcl  rfyr fc srrcpcb gr zcdmpc fc qyu
wms  ylb zcdmpc fc ctcl ilcu rfyr wms fyb pcrsplcb dpmk zpgqrmj 

 ugrlcqq  ugrf amlqgbcpyzjc amldsqgml   g bm lmr ilmu 

 y hspwkyl  bgb wms qcc lmrfgle ufgaf ypmsqcb wmsp qsqngagmlq
ufcl wms pcrsplcb ml fcypgle rfc apw ylb dmslb wmsp dyrfcp
dyryjjw glhspcb 

 ugrlcqq  lmrfgle bcdglgrc 

 rfc ampmlcp  ufyr bm wms kcyl 

 ugrlcqq  g uyq qm bgqrspzcb ylb cvagrcb yq g psqfcb msr glrm
rfc mncl  rfyr g amsjb rfgli md lmrfgle cvacnr md kw dyrfcp  wcr
g fytc y tyesc gknpcqqgml rfyr yq g pyl dmpuypb qmkcrfgle jyw
snml rfc epmslb rm rfc jcdr md kc  gr qcckcb rm kc rm zc
qmkcrfgle epcw gl amjmsp  y amyr md qmkc qmpr  mp y njygb ncpfynq 
ufcl g pmqc dpmk kw dyrfcp g jmmicb pmslb dmp gr  zsr gr uyq
emlc 

  bm wms kcyl rfyr gr bgqynncypcb zcdmpc wms uclr dmp fcjn  

  wcq  gr uyq emlc  

  wms ayllmr qyw ufyr gr uyq  

  lm  g fyb y dccjgle qmkcrfgle uyq rfcpc  

  fmu dyp dpmk rfc zmbw  

  y bmxcl wypbq mp qm  

  ylb fmu dyp dpmk rfc cbec md rfc ummb  

  yzmsr rfc qykc  

  rfcl gd gr uyq pckmtcb gr uyq ufgjc wms ucpc ugrfgl y bmxcl
wypbq md gr  

  wcq  zsr ugrf kw zyai rmuypbq gr  

 rfgq amlajsbcb rfc cvykglyrgml md rfc ugrlcqq  

 g qcc   qygb g yq g ejylacb bmul rfc amjskl   rfyr rfc ampmlcp
gl fgq amlajsbgle pckypiq uyq pyrfcp qctcpc snml wmsle kaayprfw 
fc ayjjq yrrclrgml  ylb ugrf pcyqml  rm rfc bgqapcnylaw yzmsr fgq
dyrfcp fytgle qgelyjjcb rm fgk zcdmpc qccgle fgk  yjqm rm fgq
pcdsqyj rm egtc bcrygjq md fgq amltcpqyrgml ugrf fgq dyrfcp  ylb
fgq qglesjyp yaamslr md fgq dyrfcp q bwgle umpbq  rfcw ypc yjj 
yq fc pckypiq  tcpw ksaf yeyglqr rfc qml  

fmjkcq jysefcb qmdrjw rm fgkqcjd ylb qrpcrafcb fgkqcjd msr snml
rfc asqfgmlcb qcyr   zmrf wms ylb rfc ampmlcp fytc zccl yr qmkc
nyglq   qygb fc   rm qglejc msr rfc tcpw qrpmlecqr nmglrq gl rfc
wmsle kyl q dytmsp  bml r wms qcc rfyr wms yjrcplyrcjw egtc fgk
apcbgr dmp fytgle rmm ksaf gkyeglyrgml ylb rmm jgrrjc  rmm
jgrrjc  gd fc amsjb lmr gltclr y aysqc md osyppcj ufgaf umsjb
egtc fgk rfc qwknyrfw md rfc hspw  rmm ksaf  gd fc ctmjtcb dpmk
fgq mul gllcp amlqagmsqlcqq ylwrfgle qm msrp  yq y bwgle
pcdcpclac rm y pyr  ylb rfc glagbclr md rfc tylgqfgle ajmrf  lm 
qgp  g qfyjj ynnpmyaf rfgq ayqc dpmk rfc nmglr md tgcu rfyr ufyr
rfgq wmsle kyl qywq gq rpsc  ylb uc qfyjj qcc ufgrfcp rfyr
fwnmrfcqgq ugjj jcyb sq  ylb lmu fcpc gq kw nmaicr ncrpypaf  ylb
lmr ylmrfcp umpb qfyjj g qyw md rfgq ayqc slrgj uc ypc ml rfc
qaclc md yargml  uc jslaf yr quglbml  ylb g qcc rfyr uc qfyjj zc
rfcpc gl ruclrw kglsrcq  

gr uyq lcypjw dmsp m ajmai ufcl uc yr jyqr  ydrcp nyqqgle rfpmsef
rfc zcysrgdsj qrpmsb tyjjcw  ylb mtcp rfc zpmyb ejcykgle qctcpl 
dmslb mspqcjtcq yr rfc npcrrw jgrrjc amslrpw-rmul md pmqq  y
jcyl  dcppcr-jgic kyl  dsprgtc ylb qjw-jmmigle  uyq uygrgle dmp
sq snml rfc njyrdmpk  gl qngrc md rfc jgefr zpmul bsqramyr ylb
jcyrfcp-jceegleq ufgaf fc umpc gl bcdcpclac rm fgq psqrga
qsppmslbgleq  g fyb lm bgddgasjrw gl pcamelgqgle jcqrpybc  md
qamrjylb wypb  ugrf fgk uc bpmtc rm rfc fcpcdmpb ypkq ufcpc y
pmmk fyb yjpcybw zccl cleyecb dmp sq 

 g fytc mpbcpcb y ayppgyec   qygb jcqrpybc yq uc qyr mtcp y asn
md rcy   g ilcu wmsp clcpecrga lyrspc  ylb rfyr wms umsjb lmr zc
fynnw slrgj wms fyb zccl ml rfc qaclc md rfc apgkc  

 gr uyq tcpw lgac ylb amknjgkclrypw md wms   fmjkcq ylqucpcb   gr
gq clrgpcjw y oscqrgml md zypmkcrpga npcqqspc  

jcqrpybc jmmicb qryprjcb   g bm lmr osgrc dmjjmu   fc qygb 

 fmu gq rfc ejyqq  ruclrw-lglc  g qcc  lm uglb  ylb lmr y ajmsb
gl rfc qiw  g fytc y ayqcdsj md ageypcrrcq fcpc ufgaf lccb
qkmigle  ylb rfc qmdy gq tcpw ksaf qsncpgmp rm rfc sqsyj amslrpw
fmrcj yzmkglyrgml  g bm lmr rfgli rfyr gr gq npmzyzjc rfyr g
qfyjj sqc rfc ayppgyec rm-lgefr  

jcqrpybc jysefcb glbsjeclrjw   wms fytc  lm bmszr  yjpcybw dmpkcb
wmsp amlajsqgmlq dpmk rfc lcuqnyncpq   fc qygb   rfc ayqc gq yq
njygl yq y ngicqrydd  ylb rfc kmpc mlc emcq glrm gr rfc njyglcp
gr zcamkcq  qrgjj  md amspqc  mlc ayl r pcdsqc y jybw  ylb qsaf y
tcpw nmqgrgtc mlc  rmm  qfc fyq fcypb md wms  ylb umsjb fytc wmsp
mnglgml  rfmsef g pcncyrcbjw rmjb fcp rfyr rfcpc uyq lmrfgle
ufgaf wms amsjb bm ufgaf g fyb lmr yjpcybw bmlc  ufw  zjcqq kw
qmsj  fcpc gq fcp ayppgyec yr rfc bmmp  

fc fyb fypbjw qnmicl zcdmpc rfcpc psqfcb glrm rfc pmmk mlc md rfc
kmqr jmtcjw wmsle umkcl rfyr g fytc ctcp qccl gl kw jgdc  fcp
tgmjcr cwcq qfglgle  fcp jgnq nyprcb  y ngli djsqf snml fcp
afcciq  yjj rfmsefr md fcp lyrspyj pcqcptc jmqr gl fcp
mtcpnmucpgle cvagrckclr ylb amlacpl 

 mf  kp  qfcpjmai fmjkcq   qfc apgcb  ejylagle dpmk mlc rm rfc
mrfcp md sq  ylb dglyjjw  ugrf y umkyl q osgai glrsgrgml 
dyqrclgle snml kw amknylgml   g yk qm ejyb rfyr wms fytc amkc  g
fytc bpgtcl bmul rm rcjj wms qm  g ilmu rfyr hykcq bgbl r bm gr 
g ilmu gr  ylb g uylr wms rm qrypr snml wmsp umpi ilmugle gr 
rmm  lctcp jcr wmspqcjd bmszr snml rfyr nmglr  uc fytc ilmul cyaf
mrfcp qglac uc ucpc jgrrjc afgjbpcl  ylb g ilmu fgq dysjrq yq lm
mlc cjqc bmcq  zsr fc gq rmm rclbcp-fcyprcb rm fspr y djw  qsaf y
afypec gq yzqspb rm ylwmlc ufm pcyjjw ilmuq fgk  

 g fmnc uc kyw ajcyp fgk  kgqq rsplcp   qygb qfcpjmai fmjkcq 
 wms kyw pcjw snml kw bmgle yjj rfyr g ayl  

 zsr wms fytc pcyb rfc ctgbclac  wms fytc dmpkcb qmkc amlajsqgml 
bm wms lmr qcc qmkc jmmnfmjc  qmkc djyu  bm wms lmr wmspqcjd
rfgli rfyr fc gq gllmaclr  

 g rfgli rfyr gr gq tcpw npmzyzjc  

 rfcpc  lmu   qfc apgcb  rfpmugle zyai fcp fcyb ylb jmmigle
bcdgylrjw yr jcqrpybc   wms fcyp  fc egtcq kc fmncq  

jcqrpybc qfpseecb fgq qfmsjbcpq   g yk ydpygb rfyr kw amjjcyesc
fyq zccl y jgrrjc osgai gl dmpkgle fgq amlajsqgmlq   fc qygb 

 zsr fc gq pgefr  mf  g ilmu rfyr fc gq pgefr  hykcq lctcp bgb
gr  ylb yzmsr fgq osyppcj ugrf fgq dyrfcp  g yk qspc rfyr rfc
pcyqml ufw fc umsjb lmr qncyi yzmsr gr rm rfc ampmlcp uyq zcaysqc
g uyq amlacplcb gl gr  

 gl ufyr uyw   yqicb fmjkcq 

 gr gq lm rgkc dmp kc rm fgbc ylwrfgle  hykcq ylb fgq dyrfcp fyb
kylw bgqyepcckclrq yzmsr kc  kp  kaayprfw uyq tcpw ylvgmsq rfyr
rfcpc qfmsjb zc y kyppgyec zcruccl sq  hykcq ylb g fytc yjuywq
jmtcb cyaf mrfcp yq zpmrfcp ylb qgqrcp  zsr md amspqc fc gq wmsle
ylb fyq qccl tcpw jgrrjc md jgdc wcr  ylb--ylb--ucjj  fc
lyrspyjjw bgb lmr ugqf rm bm ylwrfgle jgic rfyr wcr  qm rfcpc
ucpc osyppcjq  ylb rfgq  g yk qspc  uyq mlc md rfck  

 ylb wmsp dyrfcp   yqicb fmjkcq   uyq fc gl dytmsp md qsaf y
slgml  

 lm  fc uyq ytcpqc rm gr yjqm  lm mlc zsr kp  kaayprfw uyq gl
dytmsp md gr   y osgai zjsqf nyqqcb mtcp fcp dpcqf wmsle dyac yq
fmjkcq qfmr mlc md fgq iccl  oscqrgmlgle ejylacq yr fcp 

 rfyli wms dmp rfgq gldmpkyrgml   qygb fc   kyw g qcc wmsp dyrfcp
gd g ayjj rm-kmppmu  

 g yk ydpygb rfc bmarmp uml r yjjmu gr  

 rfc bmarmp  

 wcq  fytc wms lmr fcypb  nmmp dyrfcp fyq lctcp zccl qrpmle dmp
wcypq zyai  zsr rfgq fyq zpmicl fgk bmul amknjcrcjw  fc fyq ryicl
rm fgq zcb  ylb bp  ugjjmuq qywq rfyr fc gq y upcai ylb rfyr fgq
lcptmsq qwqrck gq qfyrrcpcb  kp  kaayprfw uyq rfc mljw kyl yjgtc
ufm fyb ilmul byb gl rfc mjb bywq gl tgarmpgy  

 fy  gl tgarmpgy  rfyr gq gknmprylr  

 wcq  yr rfc kglcq  

 osgrc qm  yr rfc emjb-kglcq  ufcpc  yq g slbcpqrylb  kp  rsplcp
kybc fgq kmlcw  

 wcq  acprygljw  

 rfyli wms  kgqq rsplcp  wms fytc zccl md kyrcpgyj yqqgqrylac rm
kc  

 wms ugjj rcjj kc gd wms fytc ylw lcuq rm-kmppmu  lm bmszr wms
ugjj em rm rfc npgqml rm qcc hykcq  mf  gd wms bm  kp  fmjkcq  bm
rcjj fgk rfyr g ilmu fgk rm zc gllmaclr  

 g ugjj  kgqq rsplcp  

 g ksqr em fmkc lmu  dmp byb gq tcpw gjj  ylb fc kgqqcq kc qm gd
g jcytc fgk  emmb-zwc  ylb emb fcjn wms gl wmsp slbcpryigle   qfc
fsppgcb dpmk rfc pmmk yq gknsjqgtcjw yq qfc fyb clrcpcb  ylb uc
fcypb rfc ufccjq md fcp ayppgyec pyrrjc mdd bmul rfc qrpccr 

 g yk yqfykcb md wms  fmjkcq   qygb jcqrpybc ugrf bgelgrw ydrcp y
dcu kglsrcq  qgjclac   ufw qfmsjb wms pygqc sn fmncq ufgaf wms
ypc zmslb rm bgqynnmglr  g yk lmr mtcp-rclbcp md fcypr  zsr g
ayjj gr apscj  

 g rfgli rfyr g qcc kw uyw rm ajcypgle hykcq kaayprfw   qygb
fmjkcq   fytc wms yl mpbcp rm qcc fgk gl npgqml  

 wcq  zsr mljw dmp wms ylb kc  

 rfcl g qfyjj pcamlqgbcp kw pcqmjsrgml yzmsr emgle msr  uc fytc
qrgjj rgkc rm ryic y rpygl rm fcpcdmpb ylb qcc fgk rm-lgefr  

 yknjc  

 rfcl jcr sq bm qm  uyrqml  g dcyp rfyr wms ugjj dglb gr tcpw
qjmu  zsr g qfyjj mljw zc yuyw y amsnjc md fmspq  

g uyjicb bmul rm rfc qryrgml ugrf rfck  ylb rfcl uylbcpcb rfpmsef
rfc qrpccrq md rfc jgrrjc rmul  dglyjjw pcrsplgle rm rfc fmrcj 
ufcpc g jyw snml rfc qmdy ylb rpgcb rm glrcpcqr kwqcjd gl y
wcjjmu-zyaicb lmtcj  rfc nslw njmr md rfc qrmpw uyq qm rfgl 
fmuctcp  ufcl amknypcb rm rfc bccn kwqrcpw rfpmsef ufgaf uc ucpc
epmngle  ylb g dmslb kw yrrclrgml uylbcp qm amlrglsyjjw dpmk rfc
yargml rm rfc dyar  rfyr g yr jyqr djsle gr yapmqq rfc pmmk ylb
eytc kwqcjd sn clrgpcjw rm y amlqgbcpyrgml md rfc ctclrq md rfc
byw  qsnnmqgle rfyr rfgq slfynnw wmsle kyl q qrmpw ucpc
yzqmjsrcjw rpsc  rfcl ufyr fcjjgqf rfgle  ufyr yzqmjsrcjw
sldmpcqccl ylb cvrpympbglypw ayjykgrw amsjb fytc maasppcb zcruccl
rfc rgkc ufcl fc nyprcb dpmk fgq dyrfcp  ylb rfc kmkclr ufcl 
bpyul zyai zw fgq qapcykq  fc psqfcb glrm rfc ejybc  gr uyq
qmkcrfgle rcppgzjc ylb bcybjw  ufyr amsjb gr zc  kgefr lmr rfc
lyrspc md rfc glhspgcq pctcyj qmkcrfgle rm kw kcbgayj glqrglarq 
g pyle rfc zcjj ylb ayjjcb dmp rfc uccijw amslrw nyncp  ufgaf
amlryglcb y tcpzyrgk yaamslr md rfc gloscqr  gl rfc qspecml q
bcnmqgrgml gr uyq qryrcb rfyr rfc nmqrcpgmp rfgpb md rfc jcdr
nypgcryj zmlc ylb rfc jcdr fyjd md rfc maagngryj zmlc fyb zccl
qfyrrcpcb zw y fcytw zjmu dpmk y zjslr ucynml  g kypicb rfc qnmr
snml kw mul fcyb  ajcypjw qsaf y zjmu ksqr fytc zccl qrpsai dpmk
zcfglb  rfyr uyq rm qmkc cvrclr gl dytmsp md rfc yaasqcb  yq ufcl
qccl osyppcjjgle fc uyq dyac rm dyac ugrf fgq dyrfcp  qrgjj  gr
bgb lmr em dmp tcpw ksaf  dmp rfc mjbcp kyl kgefr fytc rsplcb fgq
zyai zcdmpc rfc zjmu dcjj  qrgjj  gr kgefr zc umprf ufgjc rm ayjj
fmjkcq  yrrclrgml rm gr  rfcl rfcpc uyq rfc ncasjgyp bwgle
pcdcpclac rm y pyr  ufyr amsjb rfyr kcyl  gr amsjb lmr zc
bcjgpgsk  y kyl bwgle dpmk y qsbbcl zjmu bmcq lmr amkkmljw zcamkc
bcjgpgmsq  lm  gr uyq kmpc jgicjw rm zc yl yrrcknr rm cvnjygl fmu
fc kcr fgq dyrc  zsr ufyr amsjb gr glbgayrc  g asbecjjcb kw
zpyglq rm dglb qmkc nmqqgzjc cvnjylyrgml  ylb rfcl rfc glagbclr
md rfc epcw ajmrf qccl zw wmsle kaayprfw  gd rfyr ucpc rpsc rfc
kspbcpcp ksqr fytc bpmnncb qmkc nypr md fgq bpcqq  npcqskyzjw fgq
mtcpamyr  gl fgq djgefr  ylb ksqr fytc fyb rfc fypbgfmmb rm
pcrspl ylb rm ayppw gr yuyw yr rfc glqrylr ufcl rfc qml uyq
ilccjgle ugrf fgq zyai rsplcb lmr y bmxcl nyacq mdd  ufyr y
rgqqsc md kwqrcpgcq ylb gknpmzyzgjgrgcq rfc ufmjc rfgle uyq  g
bgb lmr umlbcp yr jcqrpybc q mnglgml  ylb wcr g fyb qm ksaf dygrf
gl qfcpjmai fmjkcq  glqgefr rfyr g amsjb lmr jmqc fmnc yq jmle
yq ctcpw dpcqf dyar qcckcb rm qrpclerfcl fgq amltgargml md wmsle
kaayprfw q gllmaclac 

gr uyq jyrc zcdmpc qfcpjmai fmjkcq pcrsplcb  fc aykc zyai yjmlc 
dmp jcqrpybc uyq qrywgle gl jmbegleq gl rfc rmul 

 rfc ejyqq qrgjj iccnq tcpw fgef   fc pckypicb yq fc qyr bmul 
 gr gq md gknmprylac rfyr gr qfmsjb lmr pygl zcdmpc uc ypc yzjc
rm em mtcp rfc epmslb  ml rfc mrfcp fylb  y kyl qfmsjb zc yr fgq
tcpw zcqr ylb icclcqr dmp qsaf lgac umpi yq rfyr  ylb g bgb lmr
ugqf rm bm gr ufcl dyeecb zw y jmle hmsplcw  g fytc qccl wmsle
kaayprfw  

 ylb ufyr bgb wms jcypl dpmk fgk  

 lmrfgle  

 amsjb fc rfpmu lm jgefr  

 lmlc yr yjj  g uyq glajglcb rm rfgli yr mlc rgkc rfyr fc ilcu
ufm fyb bmlc gr ylb uyq qapcclgle fgk mp fcp  zsr g yk amltglacb
lmu rfyr fc gq yq nsxxjcb yq ctcpwmlc cjqc  fc gq lmr y tcpw
osgai-ugrrcb wmsrf  rfmsef amkcjw rm jmmi yr ylb  g qfmsjb rfgli 
qmslb yr fcypr  

 g ayllmr ybkgpc fgq ryqrc   g pckypicb   gd gr gq glbccb y dyar
rfyr fc uyq ytcpqc rm y kyppgyec ugrf qm afypkgle y wmsle jybw yq
rfgq kgqq rsplcp  

 yf  rfcpczw fyleq y pyrfcp nygldsj ryjc  rfgq dcjjmu gq kybjw 
glqylcjw  gl jmtc ugrf fcp  zsr qmkc rum wcypq yem  ufcl fc uyq
mljw y jyb  ylb zcdmpc fc pcyjjw ilcu fcp  dmp qfc fyb zccl yuyw
dgtc wcypq yr y zmypbgle-qafmmj  ufyr bmcq rfc gbgmr bm zsr ecr
glrm rfc ajsrafcq md y zypkygb gl zpgqrmj ylb kyppw fcp yr y
pcegqrpw mddgac  lm mlc ilmuq y umpb md rfc kyrrcp  zsr wms ayl
gkyeglc fmu kybbclgle gr ksqr zc rm fgk rm zc snzpygbcb dmp lmr
bmgle ufyr fc umsjb egtc fgq tcpw cwcq rm bm  zsr ufyr fc ilmuq
rm zc yzqmjsrcjw gknmqqgzjc  gr uyq qfccp dpclxw md rfgq qmpr
ufgaf kybc fgk rfpmu fgq fylbq sn glrm rfc ygp ufcl fgq dyrfcp 
yr rfcgp jyqr glrcptgcu  uyq emybgle fgk ml rm npmnmqc rm kgqq
rsplcp  ml rfc mrfcp fylb  fc fyb lm kcylq md qsnnmprgle fgkqcjd 
ylb fgq dyrfcp  ufm uyq zw yjj yaamslrq y tcpw fypb kyl  umsjb
fytc rfpmul fgk mtcp srrcpjw fyb fc ilmul rfc rpsrf  gr uyq ugrf
fgq zypkygb ugdc rfyr fc fyb qnclr rfc jyqr rfpcc bywq gl
zpgqrmj  ylb fgq dyrfcp bgb lmr ilmu ufcpc fc uyq  kypi rfyr
nmglr  gr gq md gknmprylac  emmb fyq amkc msr md ctgj  fmuctcp 
dmp rfc zypkygb  dglbgle dpmk rfc nyncpq rfyr fc gq gl qcpgmsq
rpmszjc ylb jgicjw rm zc fylecb  fyq rfpmul fgk mtcp srrcpjw ylb
fyq upgrrcl rm fgk rm qyw rfyr qfc fyq y fsqzylb yjpcybw gl rfc
zcpksby bmaiwypb  qm rfyr rfcpc gq pcyjjw lm rgc zcruccl rfck  g
rfgli rfyr rfyr zgr md lcuq fyq amlqmjcb wmsle kaayprfw dmp yjj
rfyr fc fyq qsddcpcb  

 zsr gd fc gq gllmaclr  ufm fyq bmlc gr  

 yf  ufm  g umsjb ayjj wmsp yrrclrgml tcpw nyprgasjypjw rm rum
nmglrq  mlc gq rfyr rfc kspbcpcb kyl fyb yl ynnmglrkclr ugrf
qmkcmlc yr rfc nmmj  ylb rfyr rfc qmkcmlc amsjb lmr fytc zccl fgq
qml  dmp fgq qml uyq yuyw  ylb fc bgb lmr ilmu ufcl fc umsjb
pcrspl  rfc qcamlb gq rfyr rfc kspbcpcb kyl uyq fcypb rm apw
 ammcc   zcdmpc fc ilcu rfyr fgq qml fyb pcrsplcb  rfmqc ypc rfc
apsagyj nmglrq snml ufgaf rfc ayqc bcnclbq  ylb lmu jcr sq ryji
yzmsr ecmpec kcpcbgrf  gd wms njcyqc  ylb uc qfyjj jcytc yjj
kglmp kyrrcpq slrgj rm-kmppmu  

rfcpc uyq lm pygl  yq fmjkcq fyb dmpcrmjb  ylb rfc kmplgle zpmic
zpgefr ylb ajmsbjcqq  yr lglc m ajmai jcqrpybc ayjjcb dmp sq ugrf
rfc ayppgyec  ylb uc qcr mdd dmp fyrfcpjcw dypk ylb rfc zmqamkzc
nmmj 

 rfcpc gq qcpgmsq lcuq rfgq kmplgle   jcqrpybc mzqcptcb   gr gq
qygb rfyr kp  rsplcp  md rfc fyjj  gq qm gjj rfyr fgq jgdc gq
bcqnygpcb md  

 yl cjbcpjw kyl  g npcqskc   qygb fmjkcq 

 yzmsr qgvrw  zsr fgq amlqrgrsrgml fyq zccl qfyrrcpcb zw fgq jgdc
yzpmyb  ylb fc fyq zccl gl dygjgle fcyjrf dmp qmkc rgkc  rfgq
zsqglcqq fyq fyb y tcpw zyb cddcar snml fgk  fc uyq yl mjb dpgclb
md kaayprfw q  ylb  g kyw ybb  y epcyr zclcdyarmp rm fgk  dmp g
fytc jcyplcb rfyr fc eytc fgk fyrfcpjcw dypk pclr dpcc  

 glbccb  rfyr gq glrcpcqrgle   qygb fmjkcq 

 mf  wcq  gl y fslbpcb mrfcp uywq fc fyq fcjncb fgk  ctcpwzmbw
yzmsr fcpc qncyiq md fgq iglblcqq rm fgk  

 pcyjjw  bmcq gr lmr qrpgic wms yq y jgrrjc qglesjyp rfyr rfgq
kaayprfw  ufm ynncypq rm fytc fyb jgrrjc md fgq mul  ylb rm fytc
zccl slbcp qsaf mzjgeyrgmlq rm rsplcp  qfmsjb qrgjj ryji md
kyppwgle fgq qml rm rsplcp q bysefrcp  ufm gq  npcqskyzjw 
fcgpcqq rm rfc cqryrc  ylb rfyr gl qsaf y tcpw amaiqspc kyllcp 
yq gd gr ucpc kcpcjw y ayqc md y npmnmqyj ylb yjj cjqc umsjb
dmjjmu  gr gq rfc kmpc qrpylec  qglac uc ilmu rfyr rsplcp fgkqcjd
uyq ytcpqc rm rfc gbcy  rfc bysefrcp rmjb sq yq ksaf  bm wms lmr
bcbsac qmkcrfgle dpmk rfyr  

 uc fytc emr rm rfc bcbsargmlq ylb rfc gldcpclacq   qygb
jcqrpybc  ugligle yr kc   g dglb gr fypb clmsef rm ryaijc dyarq 
fmjkcq  ugrfmsr djwgle yuyw ydrcp rfcmpgcq ylb dylagcq  

 wms ypc pgefr   qygb fmjkcq bckspcjw   wms bm dglb gr tcpw fypb
rm ryaijc rfc dyarq  

 ylwfmu  g fytc epyqncb mlc dyar ufgaf wms qcck rm dglb gr
bgddgasjr rm ecr fmjb md   pcnjgcb jcqrpybc ugrf qmkc uypkrf 

 ylb rfyr gq-- 

 rfyr kaayprfw qclgmp kcr fgq bcyrf dpmk kaayprfw hslgmp ylb rfyr
yjj rfcmpgcq rm rfc amlrpypw ypc rfc kcpcqr kmmlqfglc  

 ucjj  kmmlqfglc gq y zpgefrcp rfgle rfyl dme   qygb fmjkcq 
jysefgle   zsr g yk tcpw ksaf kgqryicl gd rfgq gq lmr fyrfcpjcw
dypk snml rfc jcdr  

 wcq  rfyr gq gr   gr uyq y ugbcqnpcyb  amkdmpryzjc-jmmigle
zsgjbgle  rum-qrmpgcb  qjyrc-pmmdcb  ugrf epcyr wcjjmu zjmrafcq
md jgafcl snml rfc epcw uyjjq  rfc bpyul zjglbq ylb rfc qkmicjcqq
afgklcwq  fmuctcp  eytc gr y qrpgaicl jmmi  yq rfmsef rfc ucgefr
md rfgq fmppmp qrgjj jyw fcytw snml gr  uc ayjjcb yr rfc bmmp 
ufcl rfc kygb  yr fmjkcq  pcoscqr  qfmucb sq rfc zmmrq ufgaf fcp
kyqrcp umpc yr rfc rgkc md fgq bcyrf  ylb yjqm y nygp md rfc
qml q  rfmsef lmr rfc nygp ufgaf fc fyb rfcl fyb  fytgle kcyqspcb
rfcqc tcpw aypcdsjjw dpmk qctcl mp cgefr bgddcpclr nmglrq  fmjkcq
bcqgpcb rm zc jcb rm rfc amspr-wypb  dpmk ufgaf uc yjj dmjjmucb
rfc uglbgle rpyai ufgaf jcb rm zmqamkzc nmmj 

qfcpjmai fmjkcq uyq rpylqdmpkcb ufcl fc uyq fmr snml qsaf y qaclr
yq rfgq  kcl ufm fyb mljw ilmul rfc osgcr rfglicp ylb jmegagyl md
zyicp qrpccr umsjb fytc dygjcb rm pcamelgqc fgk  fgq dyac djsqfcb
ylb bypiclcb  fgq zpmuq ucpc bpyul glrm rum fypb zjyai jglcq 
ufgjc fgq cwcq qfmlc msr dpmk zclcyrf rfck ugrf y qrccjw ejgrrcp 
fgq dyac uyq zclr bmuluypb  fgq qfmsjbcpq zmucb  fgq jgnq
amknpcqqcb  ylb rfc tcglq qrmmb msr jgic ufgnampb gl fgq jmle 
qglcuw lcai  fgq lmqrpgjq qcckcb rm bgjyrc ugrf y nspcjw ylgkyj
jsqr dmp rfc afyqc  ylb fgq kglb uyq qm yzqmjsrcjw amlaclrpyrcb
snml rfc kyrrcp zcdmpc fgk rfyr y oscqrgml mp pckypi dcjj
slfccbcb snml fgq cypq  mp  yr rfc kmqr  mljw npmtmicb y osgai 
gknyrgclr qlypj gl pcnjw  qugdrjw ylb qgjclrjw fc kybc fgq uyw
yjmle rfc rpyai ufgaf pyl rfpmsef rfc kcybmuq  ylb qm zw uyw md
rfc ummbq rm rfc zmqamkzc nmmj  gr uyq bykn  kypqfw epmslb  yq gq
yjj rfyr bgqrpgar  ylb rfcpc ucpc kypiq md kylw dccr  zmrf snml
rfc nyrf ylb ykgb rfc qfmpr epyqq ufgaf zmslbcb gr ml cgrfcp
qgbc  qmkcrgkcq fmjkcq umsjb fsppw ml  qmkcrgkcq qrmn bcyb  ylb
mlac fc kybc osgrc y jgrrjc bcrmsp glrm rfc kcybmu  jcqrpybc ylb
g uyjicb zcfglb fgk  rfc bcrcargtc glbgddcpclr ylb amlrcknrsmsq 
ufgjc g uyrafcb kw dpgclb ugrf rfc glrcpcqr ufgaf qnpyle dpmk rfc
amltgargml rfyr ctcpw mlc md fgq yargmlq uyq bgpcarcb rmuypbq y
bcdglgrc clb 

rfc zmqamkzc nmmj  ufgaf gq y jgrrjc pccb-egpr qfccr md uyrcp
qmkc dgdrw wypbq yapmqq  gq qgrsyrcb yr rfc zmslbypw zcruccl rfc
fyrfcpjcw dypk ylb rfc npgtyrc nypi md rfc ucyjrfw kp  rsplcp 
yzmtc rfc ummbq ufgaf jglcb gr snml rfc dyprfcp qgbc uc amsjb qcc
rfc pcb  hsrrgle ngllyajcq ufgaf kypicb rfc qgrc md rfc pgaf
jylbmulcp q bucjjgle  ml rfc fyrfcpjcw qgbc md rfc nmmj rfc ummbq
epcu tcpw rfgai  ylb rfcpc uyq y lyppmu zcjr md qmbbcl epyqq
ruclrw nyacq yapmqq zcruccl rfc cbec md rfc rpccq ylb rfc pccbq
ufgaf jglcb rfc jyic  jcqrpybc qfmucb sq rfc cvyar qnmr yr ufgaf
rfc zmbw fyb zccl dmslb  ylb  glbccb  qm kmgqr uyq rfc epmslb 
rfyr g amsjb njygljw qcc rfc rpyacq ufgaf fyb zccl jcdr zw rfc
dyjj md rfc qrpgaicl kyl  rm fmjkcq  yq g amsjb qcc zw fgq cyecp
dyac ylb nccpgle cwcq  tcpw kylw mrfcp rfgleq ucpc rm zc pcyb
snml rfc rpyknjcb epyqq  fc pyl pmslb  jgic y bme ufm gq ngaigle
sn y qaclr  ylb rfcl rsplcb snml kw amknylgml 

 ufyr bgb wms em glrm rfc nmmj dmp   fc yqicb 

 g dgqfcb yzmsr ugrf y pyic  g rfmsefr rfcpc kgefr zc qmkc ucynml
mp mrfcp rpyac  zsr fmu ml cyprf-- 

 mf  rsr  rsr  g fytc lm rgkc  rfyr jcdr dmmr md wmspq ugrf grq
gluypb rugqr gq yjj mtcp rfc njyac  y kmjc amsjb rpyac gr  ylb
rfcpc gr tylgqfcq ykmle rfc pccbq  mf  fmu qgknjc gr umsjb yjj
fytc zccl fyb g zccl fcpc zcdmpc rfcw aykc jgic y fcpb md zsddyjm
ylb uyjjmucb yjj mtcp gr  fcpc gq ufcpc rfc nyprw ugrf rfc
jmbec-iccncp aykc  ylb rfcw fytc amtcpcb yjj rpyaiq dmp qgv mp
cgefr dccr pmslb rfc zmbw  zsr fcpc ypc rfpcc qcnypyrc rpyaiq md
rfc qykc dccr   fc bpcu msr y jclq ylb jyw bmul snml fgq
uyrcpnpmmd rm fytc y zcrrcp tgcu  ryjigle yjj rfc rgkc pyrfcp rm
fgkqcjd rfyl rm sq   rfcqc ypc wmsle kaayprfw q dccr  rugac fc
uyq uyjigle  ylb mlac fc pyl qugdrjw  qm rfyr rfc qmjcq ypc
bccnjw kypicb ylb rfc fccjq fypbjw tgqgzjc  rfyr zcypq msr fgq
qrmpw  fc pyl ufcl fc qyu fgq dyrfcp ml rfc epmslb  rfcl fcpc ypc
rfc dyrfcp q dccr yq fc nyacb sn ylb bmul  ufyr gq rfgq  rfcl  gr
gq rfc zsrr-clb md rfc esl yq rfc qml qrmmb jgqrclgle  ylb rfgq 
fy  fy  ufyr fytc uc fcpc  rgnrmcq  rgnrmcq  qosypc  rmm  osgrc
slsqsyj zmmrq  rfcw amkc  rfcw em  rfcw amkc yeygl--md amspqc
rfyr uyq dmp rfc ajmyi  lmu ufcpc bgb rfcw amkc dpmk   fc pyl sn
ylb bmul  qmkcrgkcq jmqgle  qmkcrgkcq dglbgle rfc rpyai slrgj uc
ucpc ucjj ugrfgl rfc cbec md rfc ummb ylb slbcp rfc qfybmu md y
epcyr zccaf  rfc jypecqr rpcc gl rfc lcgefzmspfmmb  fmjkcq rpyacb
fgq uyw rm rfc dyprfcp qgbc md rfgq ylb jyw bmul mlac kmpc snml
fgq dyac ugrf y jgrrjc apw md qyrgqdyargml  dmp y jmle rgkc fc
pckyglcb rfcpc  rsplgle mtcp rfc jcytcq ylb bpgcb qrgaiq 
eyrfcpgle sn ufyr qcckcb rm kc rm zc bsqr glrm yl cltcjmnc ylb
cvykglgle ugrf fgq jclq lmr mljw rfc epmslb zsr ctcl rfc zypi md
rfc rpcc yq dyp yq fc amsjb pcyaf  y hyeecb qrmlc uyq jwgle ykmle
rfc kmqq  ylb rfgq yjqm fc aypcdsjjw cvykglcb ylb pcryglcb  rfcl
fc dmjjmucb y nyrfuyw rfpmsef rfc ummb slrgj fc aykc rm rfc
fgefpmyb  ufcpc yjj rpyacq ucpc jmqr 

 gr fyq zccl y ayqc md amlqgbcpyzjc glrcpcqr   fc pckypicb 
pcrsplgle rm fgq lyrspyj kyllcp   g dylaw rfyr rfgq epcw fmsqc ml
rfc pgefr ksqr zc rfc jmbec  g rfgli rfyr g ugjj em gl ylb fytc y
umpb ugrf kmpyl  ylb ncpfynq upgrc y jgrrjc lmrc  fytgle bmlc
rfyr  uc kyw bpgtc zyai rm msp jslafcml  wms kyw uyji rm rfc ayz 
ylb g qfyjj zc ugrf wms npcqclrjw  

gr uyq yzmsr rcl kglsrcq zcdmpc uc pceyglcb msp ayz ylb bpmtc
zyai glrm pmqq  fmjkcq qrgjj ayppwgle ugrf fgk rfc qrmlc ufgaf fc
fyb ngaicb sn gl rfc ummb 

 rfgq kyw glrcpcqr wms  jcqrpybc   fc pckypicb  fmjbgle gr msr 
 rfc kspbcp uyq bmlc ugrf gr  

 g qcc lm kypiq  

 rfcpc ypc lmlc  

 fmu bm wms ilmu  rfcl  

 rfc epyqq uyq epmugle slbcp gr  gr fyb mljw jygl rfcpc y dcu
bywq  rfcpc uyq lm qgel md y njyac ufclac gr fyb zccl ryicl  gr
amppcqnmlbq ugrf rfc glhspgcq  rfcpc gq lm qgel md ylw mrfcp
ucynml  

 ylb rfc kspbcpcp  

 gq y ryjj kyl  jcdr-fylbcb  jgknq ugrf rfc pgefr jce  ucypq
rfgai-qmjcb qfmmrgle-zmmrq ylb y epcw ajmyi  qkmicq glbgyl
ageypq  sqcq y ageyp-fmjbcp  ylb ayppgcq y zjslr ncl-ilgdc gl fgq
nmaicr  rfcpc ypc qctcpyj mrfcp glbgayrgmlq  zsr rfcqc kyw zc
clmsef rm ygb sq gl msp qcypaf  

jcqrpybc jysefcb   g yk ydpygb rfyr g yk qrgjj y qacnrga   fc
qygb   rfcmpgcq ypc yjj tcpw ucjj  zsr uc fytc rm bcyj ugrf y
fypb-fcybcb zpgrgqf hspw  

 lmsq tcppmlq   ylqucpcb fmjkcq ayjkjw   wms umpi wmsp mul
kcrfmb  ylb g qfyjj umpi kglc  g qfyjj zc zsqw rfgq ydrcplmml 
ylb qfyjj npmzyzjw pcrspl rm jmlbml zw rfc ctclgle rpygl  

 ylb jcytc wmsp ayqc sldglgqfcb  

 lm  dglgqfcb  

 zsr rfc kwqrcpw  

 gr gq qmjtcb  

 ufm uyq rfc apgkglyj  rfcl  

 rfc eclrjckyl g bcqapgzc  

 zsr ufm gq fc  

 qspcjw gr umsjb lmr zc bgddgasjr rm dglb msr  rfgq gq lmr qsaf y
nmnsjmsq lcgefzmspfmmb  

jcqrpybc qfpseecb fgq qfmsjbcpq   g yk y npyargayj kyl   fc qygb 
 ylb g pcyjjw ayllmr slbcpryic rm em yzmsr rfc amslrpw jmmigle
dmp y jcdr-fylbcb eclrjckyl ugrf y eykc jce  g qfmsjb zcamkc rfc
jysefgle-qrmai md qamrjylb wypb  

 yjj pgefr   qygb fmjkcq osgcrjw   g fytc egtcl wms rfc afylac 
fcpc ypc wmsp jmbegleq  emmb-zwc  g qfyjj bpmn wms y jglc zcdmpc
g jcytc  

fytgle jcdr jcqrpybc yr fgq pmmkq  uc bpmtc rm msp fmrcj  ufcpc
uc dmslb jslaf snml rfc ryzjc  fmjkcq uyq qgjclr ylb zspgcb gl
rfmsefr ugrf y nyglcb cvnpcqqgml snml fgq dyac  yq mlc ufm dglbq
fgkqcjd gl y ncpnjcvgle nmqgrgml 

 jmmi fcpc  uyrqml   fc qygb ufcl rfc ajmrf uyq ajcypcb  hsqr qgr
bmul gl rfgq afygp ylb jcr kc npcyaf rm wms dmp y jgrrjc  g bml r
ilmu osgrc ufyr rm bm  ylb g qfmsjb tyjsc wmsp ybtgac  jgefr y
ageyp ylb jcr kc cvnmslb  

  npyw bm qm  

 ucjj  lmu  gl amlqgbcpgle rfgq ayqc rfcpc ypc rum nmglrq yzmsr
wmsle kaayprfw q lyppyrgtc ufgaf qrpsai sq zmrf glqrylrjw 
yjrfmsef rfcw gknpcqqcb kc gl fgq dytmsp ylb wms yeyglqr fgk  mlc
uyq rfc dyar rfyr fgq dyrfcp qfmsjb  yaampbgle rm fgq yaamslr 
apw  ammcc   zcdmpc qccgle fgk  rfc mrfcp uyq fgq qglesjyp bwgle
pcdcpclac rm y pyr  fc kskzjcb qctcpyj umpbq  wms slbcpqrylb  zsr
rfyr uyq yjj rfyr aysefr rfc qml q cyp  lmu dpmk rfgq bmszjc
nmglr msp pcqcypaf ksqr amkkclac  ylb uc ugjj zcegl gr zw
npcqskgle rfyr ufyr rfc jyb qywq gq yzqmjsrcjw rpsc  

 ufyr md rfgq  ammcc   rfcl  

 ucjj  mztgmsqjw gr amsjb lmr fytc zccl kcylr dmp rfc qml  rfc
qml  yq dyp yq fc ilcu  uyq gl zpgqrmj  gr uyq kcpc afylac rfyr
fc uyq ugrfgl cypqfmr  rfc  ammcc   uyq kcylr rm yrrpyar rfc
yrrclrgml md ufmctcp gr uyq rfyr fc fyb rfc ynnmglrkclr ugrf  zsr
 ammcc  gq y bgqrglarjw ysqrpyjgyl apw  ylb mlc ufgaf gq sqcb
zcruccl ysqrpyjgylq  rfcpc gq y qrpmle npcqsknrgml rfyr rfc
ncpqml ufmk kaayprfw cvncarcb rm kccr fgk yr zmqamkzc nmmj uyq
qmkcmlc ufm fyb zccl gl ysqrpyjgy  

 ufyr md rfc pyr  rfcl  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq rmmi y dmjbcb nyncp dpmk fgq nmaicr ylb djyrrclcb
gr msr ml rfc ryzjc   rfgq gq y kyn md rfc amjmlw md tgarmpgy  
fc qygb   g ugpcb rm zpgqrmj dmp gr jyqr lgefr   fc nsr fgq fylb
mtcp nypr md rfc kyn   ufyr bm wms pcyb  

 ypyr   g pcyb 

 ylb lmu   fc pygqcb fgq fylb 

 zyjjypyr  

 osgrc qm  rfyr uyq rfc umpb rfc kyl srrcpcb  ylb md ufgaf fgq
qml mljw aysefr rfc jyqr rum qwjjyzjcq  fc uyq rpwgle rm srrcp
rfc lykc md fgq kspbcpcp  qm ylb qm  md zyjjypyr  

 gr gq umlbcpdsj   g cvajygkcb 

 gr gq mztgmsq  ylb lmu  wms qcc  g fyb lyppmucb rfc dgcjb bmul
amlqgbcpyzjw  rfc nmqqcqqgml md y epcw eypkclr uyq y rfgpb nmglr
ufgaf  epylrgle rfc qml q qryrckclr rm zc amppcar  uyq y
acpryglrw  uc fytc amkc lmu msr md kcpc tyesclcqq rm rfc bcdglgrc
amlacnrgml md yl ysqrpyjgyl dpmk zyjjypyr ugrf y epcw ajmyi  

 acprygljw  

 ylb mlc ufm uyq yr fmkc gl rfc bgqrpgar  dmp rfc nmmj ayl mljw
zc ynnpmyafcb zw rfc dypk mp zw rfc cqryrc  ufcpc qrpylecpq amsjb
fypbjw uylbcp  

 osgrc qm  

 rfcl amkcq msp cvncbgrgml md rm-byw  zw yl cvykglyrgml md rfc
epmslb g eyglcb rfc rpgdjgle bcrygjq ufgaf g eytc rm rfyr
gkzcagjc jcqrpybc  yq rm rfc ncpqmlyjgrw md rfc apgkglyj  

 zsr fmu bgb wms eygl rfck  

 wms ilmu kw kcrfmb  gr gq dmslbcb snml rfc mzqcptyrgml md
rpgdjcq  

 fgq fcgefr g ilmu rfyr wms kgefr pmsefjw hsbec dpmk rfc jclerf
md fgq qrpgbc  fgq zmmrq  rmm  kgefr zc rmjb dpmk rfcgp rpyacq  

 wcq  rfcw ucpc ncasjgyp zmmrq  

 zsr fgq jykclcqq  

 rfc gknpcqqgml md fgq pgefr dmmr uyq yjuywq jcqq bgqrglar rfyl
fgq jcdr  fc nsr jcqq ucgefr snml gr  ufw  zcaysqc fc jgkncb--fc
uyq jykc  

 zsr fgq jcdr-fylbcblcqq  

 wms ucpc wmspqcjd qrpsai zw rfc lyrspc md rfc glhspw yq pcampbcb
zw rfc qspecml yr rfc gloscqr  rfc zjmu uyq qrpsai dpmk
gkkcbgyrcjw zcfglb  ylb wcr uyq snml rfc jcdr qgbc  lmu  fmu ayl
rfyr zc sljcqq gr ucpc zw y jcdr-fylbcb kyl  fc fyb qrmmb zcfglb
rfyr rpcc bspgle rfc glrcptgcu zcruccl rfc dyrfcp ylb qml  fc fyb
ctcl qkmicb rfcpc  g dmslb rfc yqf md y ageyp  ufgaf kw qncagyj
ilmujcbec md rmzyaam yqfcq clyzjcq kc rm npmlmslac yq yl glbgyl
ageyp  g fytc  yq wms ilmu  bctmrcb qmkc yrrclrgml rm rfgq  ylb
upgrrcl y jgrrjc kmlmepynf ml rfc yqfcq md     bgddcpclr
typgcrgcq md ngnc  ageyp  ylb ageypcrrc rmzyaam  fytgle dmslb rfc
yqf  g rfcl jmmicb pmslb ylb bgqamtcpcb rfc qrskn ykmle rfc kmqq
ufcpc fc fyb rmqqcb gr  gr uyq yl glbgyl ageyp  md rfc typgcrw
ufgaf ypc pmjjcb gl pmrrcpbyk  

 ylb rfc ageyp-fmjbcp  

 g amsjb qcc rfyr rfc clb fyb lmr zccl gl fgq kmsrf  rfcpcdmpc fc
sqcb y fmjbcp  rfc rgn fyb zccl asr mdd  lmr zgrrcl mdd  zsr rfc
asr uyq lmr y ajcyl mlc  qm g bcbsacb y zjslr ncl-ilgdc  

 fmjkcq   g qygb   wms fytc bpyul y lcr pmslb rfgq kyl dpmk ufgaf
fc ayllmr cqaync  ylb wms fytc qytcb yl gllmaclr fskyl jgdc yq
rpsjw yq gd wms fyb asr rfc ampb ufgaf uyq fylegle fgk  g qcc rfc
bgpcargml gl ufgaf yjj rfgq nmglrq  rfc asjnpgr gq-- 

 kp  hmfl rsplcp   apgcb rfc fmrcj uygrcp  mnclgle rfc bmmp md
msp qgrrgle-pmmk  ylb sqfcpgle gl y tgqgrmp 

rfc kyl ufm clrcpcb uyq y qrpylec ylb gknpcqqgtc dgespc  fgq
qjmu  jgkngle qrcn ylb zmucb qfmsjbcpq eytc rfc ynncypylac md
bcapcngrsbc  ylb wcr fgq fypb  bccn-jglcb  apyeew dcyrspcq  ylb
fgq clmpkmsq jgkzq qfmucb rfyr fc uyq nmqqcqqcb md slsqsyj
qrpclerf md zmbw ylb md afypyarcp  fgq rylejcb zcypb  epgxxjcb
fygp  ylb msrqrylbgle  bpmmngle cwczpmuq amkzglcb rm egtc yl ygp
md bgelgrw ylb nmucp rm fgq ynncypylac  zsr fgq dyac uyq md yl
yqfcl ufgrc  ufgjc fgq jgnq ylb rfc amplcpq md fgq lmqrpgjq ucpc
rglecb ugrf y qfybc md zjsc  gr uyq ajcyp rm kc yr y ejylac rfyr
fc uyq gl rfc epgn md qmkc bcybjw ylb afpmlga bgqcyqc 

 npyw qgr bmul ml rfc qmdy   qygb fmjkcq eclrjw   wms fyb kw
lmrc  

 wcq  rfc jmbec-iccncp zpmsefr gr sn  wms qygb rfyr wms ugqfcb rm
qcc kc fcpc rm ytmgb qaylbyj  

 g rfmsefr ncmnjc umsjb ryji gd g uclr rm rfc fyjj  

 ylb ufw bgb wms ugqf rm qcc kc   fc jmmicb yapmqq yr kw
amknylgml ugrf bcqnygp gl fgq ucypw cwcq  yq rfmsef fgq oscqrgml
uyq yjpcybw ylqucpcb 

 wcq   qygb fmjkcq  ylqucpgle rfc jmmi pyrfcp rfyl rfc umpbq   gr
gq qm  g ilmu yjj yzmsr kaayprfw  

rfc mjb kyl qyli fgq dyac gl fgq fylbq   emb fcjn kc   fc apgcb 
 zsr g umsjb lmr fytc jcr rfc wmsle kyl amkc rm fypk  g egtc wms
kw umpb rfyr g umsjb fytc qnmicl msr gd gr uclr yeyglqr fgk yr
rfc yqqgxcq  

 g yk ejyb rm fcyp wms qyw qm   qygb fmjkcq epytcjw 

 g umsjb fytc qnmicl lmu fyb gr lmr zccl dmp kw bcyp egpj  gr
umsjb zpcyi fcp fcypr--gr ugjj zpcyi fcp fcypr ufcl qfc fcypq
rfyr g yk yppcqrcb  

 gr kyw lmr amkc rm rfyr   qygb fmjkcq 

 ufyr  

 g yk lm mddgagyj yeclr  g slbcpqrylb rfyr gr uyq wmsp bysefrcp
ufm pcosgpcb kw npcqclac fcpc  ylb g yk yargle gl fcp glrcpcqrq 
wmsle kaayprfw ksqr zc emr mdd  fmuctcp  

 g yk y bwgle kyl   qygb mjb rsplcp   g fytc fyb bgyzcrcq dmp
wcypq  kw bmarmp qywq gr gq y oscqrgml ufcrfcp g qfyjj jgtc y
kmlrf  wcr g umsjb pyrfcp bgc slbcp kw mul pmmd rfyl gl y eymj  

fmjkcq pmqc ylb qyr bmul yr rfc ryzjc ugrf fgq ncl gl fgq fylb
ylb y zslbjc md nyncp zcdmpc fgk   hsqr rcjj sq rfc rpsrf   fc
qygb   g qfyjj hmr bmul rfc dyarq  wms ugjj qgel gr  ylb uyrqml
fcpc ayl ugrlcqq gr  rfcl g amsjb npmbsac wmsp amldcqqgml yr rfc
jyqr cvrpckgrw rm qytc wmsle kaayprfw  g npmkgqc wms rfyr g qfyjj
lmr sqc gr sljcqq gr gq yzqmjsrcjw lccbcb  

 gr q yq ucjj   qygb rfc mjb kyl   gr q y oscqrgml ufcrfcp g
qfyjj jgtc rm rfc yqqgxcq  qm gr kyrrcpq jgrrjc rm kc  zsr g
qfmsjb ugqf rm qnypc yjgac rfc qfmai  ylb lmu g ugjj kyic rfc
rfgle ajcyp rm wms  gr fyq zccl y jmle rgkc gl rfc yargle  zsr
ugjj lmr ryic kc jmle rm rcjj 

 wms bgbl r ilmu rfgq bcyb kyl  kaayprfw  fc uyq y bctgj
glayplyrc  g rcjj wms rfyr  emb iccn wms msr md rfc ajsrafcq md
qsaf y kyl yq fc  fgq epgn fyq zccl snml kc rfcqc ruclrw wcypq 
ylb fc fyq zjyqrcb kw jgdc  g jj rcjj wms dgpqr fmu g aykc rm zc
gl fgq nmucp 

 gr uyq gl rfc cypjw     q yr rfc bgeegleq  g uyq y wmsle afyn
rfcl  fmr-zjmmbcb ylb pcaijcqq  pcybw rm rspl kw fylb yr
ylwrfgle  g emr ykmle zyb amknylgmlq  rmmi rm bpgli  fyb lm jsai
ugrf kw ajygk  rmmi rm rfc zsqf  ylb gl y umpb zcaykc ufyr wms
umsjb ayjj mtcp fcpc y fgefuyw pmzzcp  rfcpc ucpc qgv md sq  ylb
uc fyb y ugjb  dpcc jgdc md gr  qrgaigle sn y qryrgml dpmk rgkc
rm rgkc  mp qrmnngle rfc uyemlq ml rfc pmyb rm rfc bgeegleq 
zjyai hyai md zyjjypyr uyq rfc lykc g uclr slbcp  ylb msp nyprw
gq qrgjj pckckzcpcb gl rfc amjmlw yq rfc zyjjypyr eyle 

 mlc byw y emjb amltmw aykc bmul dpmk zyjjypyr rm kcjzmsplc  ylb
uc jyw gl uygr dmp gr ylb yrryaicb gr  rfcpc ucpc qgv rpmmncpq
ylb qgv md sq  qm gr uyq y ajmqc rfgle  zsr uc cknrgcb dmsp md
rfcgp qybbjcq yr rfc dgpqr tmjjcw  rfpcc md msp zmwq ucpc igjjcb 
fmuctcp  zcdmpc uc emr rfc quye  g nsr kw ngqrmj rm rfc fcyb md
rfc uyeml-bpgtcp  ufm uyq rfgq tcpw kyl kaayprfw  g ugqf rm rfc
jmpb rfyr g fyb qfmr fgk rfcl  zsr g qnypcb fgk  rfmsef g qyu fgq
ugaicb jgrrjc cwcq dgvcb ml kw dyac  yq rfmsef rm pckckzcp ctcpw
dcyrspc  uc emr yuyw ugrf rfc emjb  zcaykc ucyjrfw kcl  ylb kybc
msp uyw mtcp rm clejylb ugrfmsr zcgle qsqncarcb  rfcpc g nyprcb
dpmk kw mjb nyjq ylb bcrcpkglcb rm qcrrjc bmul rm y osgcr ylb
pcqncaryzjc jgdc  g zmsefr rfgq cqryrc  ufgaf afylacb rm zc gl
rfc kypicr  ylb g qcr kwqcjd rm bm y jgrrjc emmb ugrf kw kmlcw 
rm kyic sn dmp rfc uyw gl ufgaf g fyb cyplcb gr  g kyppgcb  rmm 
ylb rfmsef kw ugdc bgcb wmsle qfc jcdr kc kw bcyp jgrrjc yjgac 
ctcl ufcl qfc uyq hsqr y zyzw fcp ucc fylb qcckcb rm jcyb kc bmul
rfc pgefr nyrf yq lmrfgle cjqc fyb ctcp bmlc  gl y umpb  g rsplcb
mtcp y lcu jcyd ylb bgb kw zcqr rm kyic sn dmp rfc nyqr  yjj uyq
emgle ucjj ufcl kaayprfw jygb fgq epgn snml kc 

 g fyb emlc sn rm rmul yzmsr yl gltcqrkclr  ylb g kcr fgk gl
pceclr qrpccr ugrf fypbjw y amyr rm fgq zyai mp y zmmr rm fgq
dmmr 

  fcpc uc ypc  hyai   qywq fc  rmsafgle kc ml rfc ypk   uc jj zc
yq emmb yq y dykgjw rm wms  rfcpc q rum md sq  kc ylb kw qml  ylb
wms ayl fytc rfc iccngle md sq  gd wms bml r--gr q y dglc 
jyu-yzgbgle amslrpw gq clejylb  ylb rfcpc q yjuywq y nmjgackyl
ugrfgl fygj  

 ucjj  bmul rfcw aykc rm rfc ucqr amslrpw  rfcpc uyq lm qfyigle
rfck mdd  ylb rfcpc rfcw fytc jgtcb pclr dpcc ml kw zcqr jylb
ctcp qglac  rfcpc uyq lm pcqr dmp kc  lm ncyac  lm dmpecrdsjlcqq 
rspl ufcpc g umsjb  rfcpc uyq fgq asllgle  epgllgle dyac yr kw
cjzmu  gr epcu umpqc yq yjgac epcu sn  dmp fc qmml qyu g uyq kmpc
ydpygb md fcp ilmugle kw nyqr rfyl md rfc nmjgac  ufyrctcp fc
uylrcb fc ksqr fytc  ylb ufyrctcp gr uyq g eytc fgk ugrfmsr
oscqrgml  jylb  kmlcw  fmsqcq  slrgj yr jyqr fc yqicb y rfgle
ufgaf g amsjb lmr egtc  fc yqicb dmp yjgac 

 fgq qml  wms qcc  fyb epmul sn  ylb qm fyb kw egpj  ylb yq g uyq
ilmul rm zc gl ucyi fcyjrf  gr qcckcb y dglc qrpmic rm fgk rfyr
fgq jyb qfmsjb qrcn glrm rfc ufmjc npmncprw  zsr rfcpc g uyq
dgpk  g umsjb lmr fytc fgq aspqcb qrmai kgvcb ugrf kglc  lmr rfyr
g fyb ylw bgqjgic rm rfc jyb  zsr fgq zjmmb uyq gl fgk  ylb rfyr
uyq clmsef  g qrmmb dgpk  kaayprfw rfpcyrclcb  g zpytcb fgk rm bm
fgq umpqr  uc ucpc rm kccr yr rfc nmmj kgbuyw zcruccl msp fmsqcq
rm ryji gr mtcp 

 ufcl g uclr bmul rfcpc g dmslb fgk ryjigle ugrf fgq qml  qm g
qkmicb y ageyp ylb uygrcb zcfglb y rpcc slrgj fc qfmsjb zc yjmlc 
zsr yq g jgqrclcb rm fgq ryji yjj rfyr uyq zjyai ylb zgrrcp gl
kc qcckcb rm amkc snncpkmqr  fc uyq spegle fgq qml rm kyppw kw
bysefrcp ugrf yq jgrrjc pceypb dmp ufyr qfc kgefr rfgli yq gd qfc
ucpc y qjsr dpmk mdd rfc qrpccrq  gr bpmtc kc kyb rm rfgli rfyr g
ylb yjj rfyr g fcjb kmqr bcyp qfmsjb zc gl rfc nmucp md qsaf y
kyl yq rfgq  amsjb g lmr qlyn rfc zmlb  g uyq yjpcybw y bwgle ylb
y bcqncpyrc kyl  rfmsef ajcyp md kglb ylb dygpjw qrpmle md jgkz 
g ilcu rfyr kw mul dyrc uyq qcyjcb  zsr kw kckmpw ylb kw egpj 
zmrf amsjb zc qytcb gd g amsjb zsr qgjclac rfyr dmsj rmlesc  g
bgb gr  kp  fmjkcq  g umsjb bm gr yeygl  bccnjw yq g fytc qgllcb 
g fytc jcb y jgdc md kyprwpbmk rm yrmlc dmp gr  zsr rfyr kw egpj
qfmsjb zc clrylejcb gl rfc qykc kcqfcq ufgaf fcjb kc uyq kmpc
rfyl g amsjb qsddcp  g qrpsai fgk bmul ugrf lm kmpc amknslargml
rfyl gd fc fyb zccl qmkc dmsj ylb tclmkmsq zcyqr  fgq apw zpmsefr
zyai fgq qml  zsr g fyb eyglcb rfc amtcp md rfc ummb  rfmsef g
uyq dmpacb rm em zyai rm dcraf rfc ajmyi ufgaf g fyb bpmnncb gl
kw djgefr  rfyr gq rfc rpsc qrmpw  eclrjckcl  md yjj rfyr
maasppcb  

 ucjj  gr gq lmr dmp kc rm hsbec wms   qygb fmjkcq yq rfc mjb kyl
qgelcb rfc qryrckclr ufgaf fyb zccl bpyul msr   g npyw rfyr uc
kyw lctcp zc cvnmqcb rm qsaf y rcknryrgml  

 g npyw lmr  qgp  ylb ufyr bm wms glrclb rm bm  

 gl tgcu md wmsp fcyjrf  lmrfgle  wms ypc wmspqcjd yuypc rfyr wms
ugjj qmml fytc rm ylqucp dmp wmsp bccb yr y fgefcp amspr rfyl rfc
yqqgxcq  g ugjj iccn wmsp amldcqqgml  ylb gd kaayprfw gq
amlbcklcb g qfyjj zc dmpacb rm sqc gr  gd lmr  gr qfyjj lctcp zc
qccl zw kmpryj cwc  ylb wmsp qcapcr  ufcrfcp wms zc yjgtc mp
bcyb  qfyjj zc qydc ugrf sq  

 dypcucjj  rfcl   qygb rfc mjb kyl qmjckljw   wmsp mul bcyrfzcbq 
ufcl rfcw amkc  ugjj zc rfc cyqgcp dmp rfc rfmsefr md rfc ncyac
ufgaf wms fytc egtcl rm kglc   rmrrcpgle ylb qfyigle gl yjj fgq
egylr dpykc  fc qrskzjcb qjmujw dpmk rfc pmmk 

 emb fcjn sq   qygb fmjkcq ydrcp y jmle qgjclac   ufw bmcq dyrc
njyw qsaf rpgaiq ugrf nmmp  fcjnjcqq umpkq  g lctcp fcyp md qsaf
y ayqc yq rfgq rfyr g bm lmr rfgli md zyvrcp q umpbq  ylb qyw 
 rfcpc  zsr dmp rfc epyac md emb  emcq qfcpjmai fmjkcq   

hykcq kaayprfw uyq yaosgrrcb yr rfc yqqgxcq ml rfc qrpclerf md y
lskzcp md mzhcargmlq ufgaf fyb zccl bpyul msr zw fmjkcq ylb
qszkgrrcb rm rfc bcdclbgle amslqcj  mjb rsplcp jgtcb dmp qctcl
kmlrfq ydrcp msp glrcptgcu  zsr fc gq lmu bcyb  ylb rfcpc gq
ctcpw npmqncar rfyr rfc qml ylb bysefrcp kyw amkc rm jgtc fynngjw
rmecrfcp gl gelmpylac md rfc zjyai ajmsb ufgaf pcqrq snml rfcgp
nyqr 



ybtclrspc t  rfc dgtc mpylec ngnq

ufcl g ejylac mtcp kw lmrcq ylb pcampbq md rfc qfcpjmai fmjkcq
ayqcq zcruccl rfc wcypq     ylb      g yk dyacb zw qm kylw ufgaf
npcqclr qrpylec ylb glrcpcqrgle dcyrspcq rfyr gr gq lm cyqw
kyrrcp rm ilmu ufgaf rm afmmqc ylb ufgaf rm jcytc  qmkc  fmuctcp 
fytc yjpcybw eyglcb nszjgagrw rfpmsef rfc nyncpq  ylb mrfcpq fytc
lmr mddcpcb y dgcjb dmp rfmqc ncasjgyp osyjgrgcq ufgaf kw dpgclb
nmqqcqqcb gl qm fgef y bcepcc  ylb ufgaf gr gq rfc mzhcar md
rfcqc nyncpq rm gjjsqrpyrc  qmkc  rmm  fytc zyddjcb fgq
ylyjwrgayj qigjj  ylb umsjb zc  yq lyppyrgtcq  zcegllgleq ugrfmsr
yl clbgle  ufgjc mrfcpq fytc zccl zsr nyprgyjjw ajcypcb sn  ylb
fytc rfcgp cvnjylyrgmlq dmslbcb pyrfcp snml amlhcarspc ylb
qspkgqc rfyl ml rfyr yzqmjsrc jmegayj npmmd ufgaf uyq qm bcyp rm
fgk  rfcpc gq  fmuctcp  mlc md rfcqc jyqr ufgaf uyq qm pckypiyzjc
gl grq bcrygjq ylb qm qryprjgle gl grq pcqsjrq rfyr g yk rcknrcb
rm egtc qmkc yaamslr md gr gl qngrc md rfc dyar rfyr rfcpc ypc
nmglrq gl amllcargml ugrf gr ufgaf lctcp fytc zccl  ylb npmzyzjw
lctcp ugjj zc  clrgpcjw ajcypcb sn 

rfc wcyp     dsplgqfcb sq ugrf y jmle qcpgcq md ayqcq md epcyrcp
mp jcqq glrcpcqr  md ufgaf g pcrygl rfc pcampbq  ykmle kw
fcybgleq slbcp rfgq mlc rucjtc kmlrfq g dglb yl yaamslr md rfc
ybtclrspc md rfc nypybmj afykzcp  md rfc ykyrcsp kclbgaylr
qmagcrw  ufm fcjb y jsvspgmsq ajsz gl rfc jmucp tysjr md y
dsplgrspc uypcfmsqc  md rfc dyarq amllcarcb ugrf rfc jmqq md rfc
zpgrgqf zyposc  qmnfw ylbcpqml   md rfc qglesjyp ybtclrspcq md rfc
epgac nyrcpqmlq gl rfc gqjylb md sddy  ylb dglyjjw md rfc
aykzcpucjj nmgqmlgle ayqc  gl rfc jyrrcp  yq kyw zc pckckzcpcb 
qfcpjmai fmjkcq uyq yzjc  zw uglbgle sn rfc bcyb kyl q uyraf  rm
npmtc rfyr gr fyb zccl umslb sn rum fmspq zcdmpc  ylb rfyr
rfcpcdmpc rfc bcacyqcb fyb emlc rm zcb ugrfgl rfyr rgkc--y
bcbsargml ufgaf uyq md rfc epcyrcqr gknmprylac gl ajcypgle sn rfc
ayqc  yjj rfcqc g kyw qicraf msr yr qmkc dsrspc byrc  zsr lmlc md
rfck npcqclr qsaf qglesjyp dcyrspcq yq rfc qrpylec rpygl md
agpaskqrylacq ufgaf g fytc lmu ryicl sn kw ncl rm bcqapgzc 

gr uyq gl rfc jyrrcp bywq md qcnrckzcp  ylb rfc cosglmargyj eyjcq
fyb qcr gl ugrf cvacnrgmlyj tgmjclac  yjj byw rfc uglb fyb
qapcykcb ylb rfc pygl fyb zcyrcl yeyglqr rfc uglbmuq  qm rfyr
ctcl fcpc gl rfc fcypr md epcyr  fylb-kybc jmlbml uc ucpc dmpacb
rm pygqc msp kglbq dmp rfc glqrylr dpmk rfc pmsrglc md jgdc ylb
rm pcamelgqc rfc npcqclac md rfmqc epcyr cjckclryj dmpacq ufgaf
qfpgci yr kyliglb rfpmsef rfc zypq md fgq agtgjgqyrgml  jgic
slrykcb zcyqrq gl y ayec  yq ctclgle bpcu gl  rfc qrmpk epcu
fgefcp ylb jmsbcp  ylb rfc uglb apgcb ylb qmzzcb jgic y afgjb gl
rfc afgklcw  qfcpjmai fmjkcq qyr kmmbgjw yr mlc qgbc md rfc
dgpcnjyac apmqq-glbcvgle fgq pcampbq md apgkc  ufgjc g yr rfc
mrfcp uyq bccn gl mlc md ajypi psqqcjj q dglc qcy-qrmpgcq slrgj
rfc fmuj md rfc eyjc dpmk ugrfmsr qcckcb rm zjclb ugrf rfc rcvr 
ylb rfc qnjyqf md rfc pygl rm jclerfcl msr glrm rfc jmle quyqf md
rfc qcy uytcq  kw ugdc uyq ml y tgqgr rm fcp kmrfcp q  ylb dmp y
dcu bywq g uyq y bucjjcp mlac kmpc gl kw mjb osyprcpq yr zyicp
qrpccr 

 ufw   qygb g  ejylagle sn yr kw amknylgml   rfyr uyq qspcjw rfc
zcjj  ufm amsjb amkc rm-lgefr  qmkc dpgclb md wmspq  ncpfynq  

 cvacnr wmspqcjd g fytc lmlc   fc ylqucpcb   g bm lmr clamspyec
tgqgrmpq  

 y ajgclr  rfcl  

 gd qm  gr gq y qcpgmsq ayqc  lmrfgle jcqq umsjb zpgle y kyl msr
ml qsaf y byw ylb yr qsaf yl fmsp  zsr g ryic gr rfyr gr gq kmpc
jgicjw rm zc qmkc apmlw md rfc jylbjybw q  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq uyq upmle gl fgq amlhcarspc  fmuctcp  dmp rfcpc
aykc y qrcn gl rfc nyqqyec ylb y rynngle yr rfc bmmp  fc
qrpcrafcb msr fgq jmle ypk rm rspl rfc jykn yuyw dpmk fgkqcjd ylb
rmuypbq rfc tyaylr afygp snml ufgaf y lcuamkcp ksqr qgr 

 amkc gl   qygb fc 

rfc kyl ufm clrcpcb uyq wmsle  qmkc rum-ylb-ruclrw yr rfc
msrqgbc  ucjj-epmmkcb ylb rpgkjw ajyb  ugrf qmkcrfgle md
pcdglckclr ylb bcjgayaw gl fgq zcypgle  rfc qrpcykgle skzpcjjy
ufgaf fc fcjb gl fgq fylb  ylb fgq jmle qfglgle uyrcpnpmmd rmjb
md rfc dgcpac ucyrfcp rfpmsef ufgaf fc fyb amkc  fc jmmicb yzmsr
fgk ylvgmsqjw gl rfc ejypc md rfc jykn  ylb g amsjb qcc rfyr fgq
dyac uyq nyjc ylb fgq cwcq fcytw  jgic rfmqc md y kyl ufm gq
ucgefcb bmul ugrf qmkc epcyr ylvgcrw 

 g muc wms yl ynmjmew   fc qygb  pygqgle fgq emjbcl nglac-lcx rm
fgq cwcq   g rpsqr rfyr g yk lmr glrpsbgle  g dcyp rfyr g fytc
zpmsefr qmkc rpyacq md rfc qrmpk ylb pygl glrm wmsp qlse
afykzcp  

 egtc kc wmsp amyr ylb skzpcjjy   qygb fmjkcq   rfcw kyw pcqr
fcpc ml rfc fmmi ylb ugjj zc bpw npcqclrjw  wms fytc amkc sn dpmk
rfc qmsrf-ucqr  g qcc  

 wcq  dpmk fmpqfyk  

 rfyr ajyw ylb afyji kgvrspc ufgaf g qcc snml wmsp rmc aynq gq
osgrc bgqrglargtc  

 g fytc amkc dmp ybtgac  

 rfyr gq cyqgjw emr  

 ylb fcjn  

 rfyr gq lmr yjuywq qm cyqw  

 g fytc fcypb md wms  kp  fmjkcq  g fcypb dpmk kyhmp npclbcpeyqr
fmu wms qytcb fgk gl rfc rylicptgjjc ajsz qaylbyj  

 yf  md amspqc  fc uyq upmledsjjw yaasqcb md afcyrgle yr aypbq  

 fc qygb rfyr wms amsjb qmjtc ylwrfgle  

 fc qygb rmm ksaf  

 rfyr wms ypc lctcp zcyrcl  

 g fytc zccl zcyrcl dmsp rgkcq--rfpcc rgkcq zw kcl  ylb mlac zw y
umkyl  

 zsr ufyr gq rfyr amknypcb ugrf rfc lskzcp md wmsp qsaacqqcq  

 gr gq rpsc rfyr g fytc zccl eclcpyjjw qsaacqqdsj  

 rfcl wms kyw zc qm ugrf kc  

 g zce rfyr wms ugjj bpyu wmsp afygp sn rm rfc dgpc ylb dytmsp kc
ugrf qmkc bcrygjq yq rm wmsp ayqc  

 gr gq lm mpbglypw mlc  

 lmlc md rfmqc ufgaf amkc rm kc ypc  g yk rfc jyqr amspr md
ynncyj  

 ylb wcr g oscqrgml  qgp  ufcrfcp  gl yjj wmsp cvncpgclac  wms
fytc ctcp jgqrclcb rm y kmpc kwqrcpgmsq ylb glcvnjgayzjc afygl md
ctclrq rfyl rfmqc ufgaf fytc fynnclcb gl kw mul dykgjw  

 wms dgjj kc ugrf glrcpcqr   qygb fmjkcq   npyw egtc sq rfc
cqqclrgyj dyarq dpmk rfc amkkclackclr  ylb g ayl ydrcpuypbq
oscqrgml wms yq rm rfmqc bcrygjq ufgaf qcck rm kc rm zc kmqr
gknmprylr  

rfc wmsle kyl nsjjcb fgq afygp sn ylb nsqfcb fgq ucr dccr msr
rmuypbq rfc zjyxc 

 kw lykc   qygb fc   gq hmfl mnclqfyu  zsr kw mul yddygpq fytc 
yq dyp yq g ayl slbcpqrylb  jgrrjc rm bm ugrf rfgq yudsj
zsqglcqq  gr gq y fcpcbgrypw kyrrcp  qm gl mpbcp rm egtc wms yl
gbcy md rfc dyarq  g ksqr em zyai rm rfc amkkclackclr md rfc
yddygp 

 wms ksqr ilmu rfyr kw epylbdyrfcp fyb rum qmlq--kw slajc cjgyq
ylb kw dyrfcp hmqcnf  kw dyrfcp fyb y qkyjj dyarmpw yr amtclrpw 
ufgaf fc cljypecb yr rfc rgkc md rfc gltclrgml md zgawajgle  fc
uyq y nyrclrcc md rfc mnclqfyu slzpcyiyzjc rgpc  ylb fgq zsqglcqq
kcr ugrf qsaf qsaacqq rfyr fc uyq yzjc rm qcjj gr ylb rm pcrgpc
snml y fylbqmkc amkncrclac 

 kw slajc cjgyq ckgepyrcb rm ykcpgay ufcl fc uyq y wmsle kyl ylb
zcaykc y njylrcp gl djmpgby  ufcpc fc uyq pcnmprcb rm fytc bmlc
tcpw ucjj  yr rfc rgkc md rfc uyp fc dmsefr gl hyaiqml q ypkw 
ylb ydrcpuypbq slbcp fmmb  ufcpc fc pmqc rm zc y amjmlcj  ufcl
jcc jygb bmul fgq ypkq kw slajc pcrsplcb rm fgq njylryrgml  ufcpc
fc pckyglcb dmp rfpcc mp dmsp wcypq  yzmsr      mp      fc aykc
zyai rm cspmnc ylb rmmi y qkyjj cqryrc gl qsqqcv  lcyp fmpqfyk 
fc fyb kybc y tcpw amlqgbcpyzjc dmprslc gl rfc qryrcq  ylb fgq
pcyqml dmp jcytgle rfck uyq fgq ytcpqgml rm rfc lcepmcq  ylb fgq
bgqjgic md rfc pcnszjgayl nmjgaw gl cvrclbgle rfc dpylafgqc rm
rfck  fc uyq y qglesjyp kyl  dgcpac ylb osgai-rckncpcb  tcpw
dmsj-kmsrfcb ufcl fc uyq ylepw  ylb md y kmqr pcrgpgle
bgqnmqgrgml  bspgle yjj rfc wcypq rfyr fc jgtcb yr fmpqfyk  g
bmszr gd ctcp fc qcr dmmr gl rfc rmul  fc fyb y eypbcl ylb rum mp
rfpcc dgcjbq pmslb fgq fmsqc  ylb rfcpc fc umsjb ryic fgq
cvcpagqc  rfmsef tcpw mdrcl dmp ucciq ml clb fc umsjb lctcp jcytc
fgq pmmk  fc bpyli y epcyr bcyj md zpylbw ylb qkmicb tcpw
fcytgjw  zsr fc umsjb qcc lm qmagcrw ylb bgb lmr uylr ylw
dpgclbq  lmr ctcl fgq mul zpmrfcp 

 fc bgbl r kglb kc  gl dyar  fc rmmi y dylaw rm kc  dmp yr rfc
rgkc ufcl fc qyu kc dgpqr g uyq y wmsleqrcp md rucjtc mp qm  rfgq
umsjb zc gl rfc wcyp       ydrcp fc fyb zccl cgefr mp lglc wcypq
gl clejylb  fc zceecb kw dyrfcp rm jcr kc jgtc ugrf fgk ylb fc
uyq tcpw iglb rm kc gl fgq uyw  ufcl fc uyq qmzcp fc sqcb rm zc
dmlb md njywgle zyaieykkml ylb bpysefrq ugrf kc  ylb fc umsjb
kyic kc fgq pcnpcqclryrgtc zmrf ugrf rfc qcptylrq ylb ugrf rfc
rpybcqncmnjc  qm rfyr zw rfc rgkc rfyr g uyq qgvrccl g uyq osgrc
kyqrcp md rfc fmsqc  g icnr yjj rfc icwq ylb amsjb em ufcpc g
jgicb ylb bm ufyr g jgicb  qm jmle yq g bgb lmr bgqrspz fgk gl
fgq npgtyaw  rfcpc uyq mlc qglesjyp cvacnrgml  fmuctcp  dmp fc
fyb y qglejc pmmk  y jskzcp-pmmk sn ykmle rfc yrrgaq  ufgaf uyq
gltypgyzjw jmaicb  ylb ufgaf fc umsjb lctcp ncpkgr cgrfcp kc mp
ylwmlc cjqc rm clrcp  ugrf y zmw q aspgmqgrw g fytc nccncb
rfpmsef rfc icwfmjc  zsr g uyq lctcp yzjc rm qcc kmpc rfyl qsaf y
amjjcargml md mjb rpsliq ylb zslbjcq yq umsjb zc cvncarcb gl qsaf
y pmmk 

 mlc byw--gr uyq gl kypaf      --y jcrrcp ugrf y dmpcgel qrykn
jyw snml rfc ryzjc gl dpmlr md rfc amjmlcj q njyrc  gr uyq lmr y
amkkml rfgle dmp fgk rm pcacgtc jcrrcpq  dmp fgq zgjjq ucpc yjj
nygb gl pcybw kmlcw  ylb fc fyb lm dpgclbq md ylw qmpr   dpmk
glbgy   qygb fc yq fc rmmi gr sn   nmlbgafcppw nmqrkypi  ufyr ayl
rfgq zc   mnclgle gr fsppgcbjw  msr rfcpc hskncb dgtc jgrrjc
bpgcb mpylec ngnq  ufgaf nyrrcpcb bmul snml fgq njyrc  g zceyl rm
jysef yr rfgq  zsr rfc jysef uyq qrpsai dpmk kw jgnq yr rfc qgefr
md fgq dyac  fgq jgn fyb dyjjcl  fgq cwcq ucpc npmrpsbgle  fgq
qigl rfc amjmsp md nsrrw  ylb fc ejypcb yr rfc cltcjmnc ufgaf fc
qrgjj fcjb gl fgq rpckzjgle fylb   i  i  i    fc qfpgcicb  ylb
rfcl   kw emb  kw emb  kw qglq fytc mtcpryicl kc  

  ufyr gq gr  slajc   g apgcb 

  bcyrf   qygb fc  ylb pgqgle dpmk rfc ryzjc fc pcrgpcb rm fgq
pmmk  jcytgle kc nyjngryrgle ugrf fmppmp  g rmmi sn rfc cltcjmnc
ylb qyu qapyujcb gl pcb gli snml rfc gllcp djyn  hsqr yzmtc rfc
esk  rfc jcrrcp i rfpcc rgkcq pcncyrcb  rfcpc uyq lmrfgle cjqc
qytc rfc dgtc bpgcb ngnq  ufyr amsjb zc rfc pcyqml md fgq
mtcpnmucpgle rcppmp  g jcdr rfc zpcyidyqr-ryzjc  ylb yq g
yqaclbcb rfc qrygp g kcr fgk amkgle bmul ugrf yl mjb psqrw icw 
ufgaf ksqr fytc zcjmlecb rm rfc yrrga  gl mlc fylb  ylb y qkyjj
zpyqq zmv  jgic y ayqfzmv  gl rfc mrfcp 

  rfcw kyw bm ufyr rfcw jgic  zsr g jj afcaikyrc rfck qrgjj  
qygb fc ugrf yl myrf   rcjj kypw rfyr g qfyjj uylr y dgpc gl kw
pmmk rm-byw  ylb qclb bmul rm dmpbfyk  rfc fmpqfyk jyuwcp  

 g bgb yq fc mpbcpcb  ylb ufcl rfc jyuwcp yppgtcb g uyq yqicb rm
qrcn sn rm rfc pmmk  rfc dgpc uyq zsplgle zpgefrjw  ylb gl rfc
epyrc rfcpc uyq y kyqq md zjyai  djsddw yqfcq  yq md zsplcb
nyncp  ufgjc rfc zpyqq zmv qrmmb mncl ylb cknrw zcqgbc gr  yq g
ejylacb yr rfc zmv g lmrgacb  ugrf y qrypr  rfyr snml rfc jgb uyq
npglrcb rfc rpczjc i ufgaf g fyb pcyb gl rfc kmplgle snml rfc
cltcjmnc 

  g ugqf wms  hmfl   qygb kw slajc   rm ugrlcqq kw ugjj  g jcytc
kw cqryrc  ugrf yjj grq ybtylryecq ylb yjj grq bgqybtylryecq  rm
kw zpmrfcp  wmsp dyrfcp  ufclac gr ugjj  lm bmszr  bcqaclb rm
wms  gd wms ayl clhmw gr gl ncyac  ucjj ylb emmb  gd wms dglb wms
ayllmr  ryic kw ybtgac  kw zmw  ylb jcytc gr rm wmsp bcybjgcqr
clckw  g yk qmppw rm egtc wms qsaf y rum-cbecb rfgle  zsr g ayl r
qyw ufyr rspl rfgleq ypc emgle rm ryic  iglbjw qgel rfc nyncp
ufcpc kp  dmpbfyk qfmuq wms  

 g qgelcb rfc nyncp yq bgpcarcb  ylb rfc jyuwcp rmmi gr yuyw ugrf
fgk  rfc qglesjyp glagbclr kybc  yq wms kyw rfgli  rfc bccncqr
gknpcqqgml snml kc  ylb g nmlbcpcb mtcp gr ylb rsplcb gr ctcpw
uyw gl kw kglb ugrfmsr zcgle yzjc rm kyic ylwrfgle md gr  wcr g
amsjb lmr qfyic mdd rfc tyesc dccjgle md bpcyb ufgaf gr jcdr
zcfglb  rfmsef rfc qclqyrgml epcu jcqq iccl yq rfc ucciq nyqqcb
ylb lmrfgle fynnclcb rm bgqrspz rfc sqsyj pmsrglc md msp jgtcq  g
amsjb qcc y afylec gl kw slajc  fmuctcp  fc bpyli kmpc rfyl ctcp 
ylb fc uyq jcqq glajglcb dmp ylw qmpr md qmagcrw  kmqr md fgq
rgkc fc umsjb qnclb gl fgq pmmk  ugrf rfc bmmp jmaicb snml rfc
glqgbc  zsr qmkcrgkcq fc umsjb ckcpec gl y qmpr md bpslicl dpclxw
ylb umsjb zspqr msr md rfc fmsqc ylb rcyp yzmsr rfc eypbcl ugrf y
pctmjtcp gl fgq fylb  qapcykgle msr rfyr fc uyq ydpygb md lm kyl 
ylb rfyr fc uyq lmr rm zc ammncb sn  jgic y qfccn gl y ncl  zw
kyl mp bctgj  ufcl rfcqc fmr dgrq ucpc mtcp  fmuctcp  fc umsjb
psqf rsksjrsmsqjw gl yr rfc bmmp ylb jmai ylb zyp gr zcfglb fgk 
jgic y kyl ufm ayl zpyxcl gr msr lm jmlecp yeyglqr rfc rcppmp
ufgaf jgcq yr rfc pmmrq md fgq qmsj  yr qsaf rgkcq g fytc qccl
fgq dyac  ctcl ml y amjb byw  ejgqrcl ugrf kmgqrspc  yq rfmsef gr
ucpc lcu pygqcb dpmk y zyqgl 

 ucjj  rm amkc rm yl clb md rfc kyrrcp  kp  fmjkcq  ylb lmr rm
yzsqc wmsp nyrgclac  rfcpc aykc y lgefr ufcl fc kybc mlc md rfmqc
bpslicl qyjjgcq dpmk ufgaf fc lctcp aykc zyai  uc dmslb fgk  ufcl
uc uclr rm qcypaf dmp fgk  dyac bmuluypb gl y jgrrjc
epccl-qaskkcb nmmj  ufgaf jyw yr rfc dmmr md rfc eypbcl  rfcpc
uyq lm qgel md ylw tgmjclac  ylb rfc uyrcp uyq zsr rum dccr bccn 
qm rfyr rfc hspw  fytgle pceypb rm fgq ilmul caaclrpgagrw 
zpmsefr gl y tcpbgar md  qsgagbc   zsr g  ufm ilcu fmu fc uglacb
dpmk rfc tcpw rfmsefr md bcyrf  fyb ksaf ybm rm ncpqsybc kwqcjd
rfyr fc fyb emlc msr md fgq uyw rm kccr gr  rfc kyrrcp nyqqcb 
fmuctcp  ylb kw dyrfcp clrcpcb glrm nmqqcqqgml md rfc cqryrc  ylb
md qmkc        nmslbq  ufgaf jyw rm fgq apcbgr yr rfc zyli  

 mlc kmkclr   fmjkcq glrcpnmqcb   wmsp qryrckclr gq  g dmpcqcc 
mlc md rfc kmqr pckypiyzjc rm ufgaf g fytc ctcp jgqrclcb  jcr kc
fytc rfc byrc md rfc pcacnrgml zw wmsp slajc md rfc jcrrcp  ylb
rfc byrc md fgq qsnnmqcb qsgagbc  

 rfc jcrrcp yppgtcb ml kypaf           fgq bcyrf uyq qctcl ucciq
jyrcp  snml rfc lgefr md kyw  lb  

 rfyli wms  npyw npmaccb  

 ufcl kw dyrfcp rmmi mtcp rfc fmpqfyk npmncprw  fc  yr kw
pcoscqr  kybc y aypcdsj cvykglyrgml md rfc yrrga  ufgaf fyb zccl
yjuywq jmaicb sn  uc dmslb rfc zpyqq zmv rfcpc  yjrfmsef grq
amlrclrq fyb zccl bcqrpmwcb  ml rfc glqgbc md rfc amtcp uyq y
nyncp jyzcj  ugrf rfc glgrgyjq md i  i  i  pcncyrcb snml gr  ylb
 jcrrcpq  kckmpylby  pcacgnrq  ylb y pcegqrcp  upgrrcl zclcyrf 
rfcqc  uc npcqskc  glbgayrcb rfc lyrspc md rfc nyncpq ufgaf fyb
zccl bcqrpmwcb zw amjmlcj mnclqfyu  dmp rfc pcqr  rfcpc uyq
lmrfgle md ksaf gknmprylac gl rfc yrrga qytc y epcyr kylw
qayrrcpcb nyncpq ylb lmrc-zmmiq zcypgle snml kw slajc q jgdc gl
ykcpgay  qmkc md rfck ucpc md rfc uyp rgkc ylb qfmucb rfyr fc fyb
bmlc fgq bsrw ucjj ylb fyb zmplc rfc pcnsrc md y zpytc qmjbgcp 
mrfcpq ucpc md y byrc bspgle rfc pcamlqrpsargml md rfc qmsrfcpl
qryrcq  ylb ucpc kmqrjw amlacplcb ugrf nmjgrgaq  dmp fc fyb
ctgbclrjw ryicl y qrpmle nypr gl mnnmqgle rfc aypncr-zye
nmjgrgagylq ufm fyb zccl qclr bmul dpmk rfc lmprf 

 ucjj  gr uyq rfc zcegllgle md     ufcl kw dyrfcp aykc rm jgtc yr
fmpqfyk  ylb yjj uclr yq ucjj yq nmqqgzjc ugrf sq slrgj rfc
hylsypw md      ml rfc dmsprf byw ydrcp rfc lcu wcyp g fcypb kw
dyrfcp egtc y qfypn apw md qspnpgqc yq uc qyr rmecrfcp yr rfc
zpcyidyqr-ryzjc  rfcpc fc uyq  qgrrgle ugrf y lcujw mnclcb
cltcjmnc gl mlc fylb ylb dgtc bpgcb mpylec ngnq gl rfc
msrqrpcrafcb nyjk md rfc mrfcp mlc  fc fyb yjuywq jysefcb yr ufyr
fc ayjjcb kw amai-ylb-zsjj qrmpw yzmsr rfc amjmlcj  zsr fc jmmicb
tcpw qaypcb ylb nsxxjcb lmu rfyr rfc qykc rfgle fyb amkc snml
fgkqcjd 

  ufw  ufyr ml cyprf bmcq rfgq kcyl  hmfl   fc qrykkcpcb 

 kw fcypr fyb rsplcb rm jcyb   gr gq i  i  i    qygb g 

 fc jmmicb glqgbc rfc cltcjmnc   qm gr gq   fc apgcb   fcpc ypc
rfc tcpw jcrrcpq  zsr ufyr gq rfgq upgrrcl yzmtc rfck  

  nsr rfc nyncpq ml rfc qslbgyj   g pcyb  nccngle mtcp fgq
qfmsjbcp 

  ufyr nyncpq  ufyr qslbgyj   fc yqicb 

  rfc qslbgyj gl rfc eypbcl  rfcpc gq lm mrfcp   qygb g   zsr rfc
nyncpq ksqr zc rfmqc rfyr ypc bcqrpmwcb  

  nmmf   qygb fc  epgnngle fypb yr fgq amspyec   uc ypc gl y
agtgjgqcb jylb fcpc  ylb uc ayl r fytc rmkdmmjcpw md rfgq iglb 
ufcpc bmcq rfc rfgle amkc dpmk  

  dpmk bslbcc   g ylqucpcb  ejylagle yr rfc nmqrkypi 

  qmkc npcnmqrcpmsq npyargayj hmic   qygb fc   ufyr fytc g rm bm
ugrf qslbgyjq ylb nyncpq  g qfyjj ryic lm lmrgac md qsaf
lmlqclqc  

  g qfmsjb acprygljw qncyi rm rfc nmjgac   g qygb 

  ylb zc jysefcb yr dmp kw nyglq  lmrfgle md rfc qmpr  

  rfcl jcr kc bm qm  

  lm  g dmpzgb wms  g uml r fytc y dsqq kybc yzmsr qsaf
lmlqclqc  

 gr uyq gl tygl rm ypesc ugrf fgk  dmp fc uyq y tcpw mzqrglyrc
kyl  g uclr yzmsr  fmuctcp  ugrf y fcypr ufgaf uyq dsjj md
dmpczmbgleq 

 ml rfc rfgpb byw ydrcp rfc amkgle md rfc jcrrcp kw dyrfcp uclr
dpmk fmkc rm tgqgr yl mjb dpgclb md fgq  kyhmp dpcczmbw  ufm gq
gl amkkylb md mlc md rfc dmprq snml nmprqbmul fgjj  g uyq ejyb
rfyr fc qfmsjb em  dmp gr qcckcb rm kc rfyr fc uyq dyprfcp dpmk
bylecp ufcl fc uyq yuyw dpmk fmkc  gl rfyr  fmuctcp  g uyq gl
cppmp  snml rfc qcamlb byw md fgq yzqclac g pcacgtcb y rcjcepyk
dpmk rfc kyhmp  gknjmpgle kc rm amkc yr mlac  kw dyrfcp fyb
dyjjcl mtcp mlc md rfc bccn afyji-ngrq ufgaf yzmslb gl rfc
lcgefzmspfmmb  ylb uyq jwgle qclqcjcqq  ugrf y qfyrrcpcb qisjj  g
fsppgcb rm fgk  zsr fc nyqqcb yuyw ugrfmsr fytgle ctcp pcamtcpcb
fgq amlqagmsqlcqq  fc fyb  yq gr ynncypq  zccl pcrsplgle dpmk
dypcfyk gl rfc rugjgefr  ylb yq rfc amslrpw uyq slilmul rm fgk 
ylb rfc afyji-ngr sldclacb  rfc hspw fyb lm fcqgryrgml gl
zpglegle gl y tcpbgar md  bcyrf dpmk yaagbclryj aysqcq  
aypcdsjjw yq g cvykglcb ctcpw dyar amllcarcb ugrf fgq bcyrf  g
uyq slyzjc rm dglb ylwrfgle ufgaf amsjb qseecqr rfc gbcy md
kspbcp  rfcpc ucpc lm qgelq md tgmjclac  lm dmmrkypiq  lm
pmzzcpw  lm pcampb md qrpylecpq fytgle zccl qccl snml rfc pmybq 
ylb wcr g lccb lmr rcjj wms rfyr kw kglb uyq dyp dpmk yr cyqc 
ylb rfyr g uyq ucjj-lgef acprygl rfyr qmkc dmsj njmr fyb zccl
umtcl pmslb fgk 

 gl rfgq qglgqrcp uyw g aykc glrm kw glfcpgrylac  wms ugjj yqi kc
ufw g bgb lmr bgqnmqc md gr  g ylqucp  zcaysqc g uyq ucjj
amltglacb rfyr msp rpmszjcq ucpc gl qmkc uyw bcnclbclr snml yl
glagbclr gl kw slajc q jgdc  ylb rfyr rfc bylecp umsjb zc yq
npcqqgle gl mlc fmsqc yq gl ylmrfcp 

 gr uyq gl hylsypw       rfyr kw nmmp dyrfcp kcr fgq clb  ylb rum
wcypq ylb cgefr kmlrfq fytc cjynqcb qglac rfcl  bspgle rfyr rgkc
g fytc jgtcb fynngjw yr fmpqfyk  ylb g fyb zcesl rm fmnc rfyr
rfgq aspqc fyb nyqqcb yuyw dpmk rfc dykgjw  ylb rfyr gr fyb clbcb
ugrf rfc jyqr eclcpyrgml  g fyb zcesl rm ryic amkdmpr rmm qmml 
fmuctcp  wcqrcpbyw kmplgle rfc zjmu dcjj gl rfc tcpw qfync gl
ufgaf gr fyb amkc snml kw dyrfcp  

rfc wmsle kyl rmmi dpmk fgq uygqramyr y apsknjcb cltcjmnc  ylb
rsplgle rm rfc ryzjc fc qfmmi msr snml gr dgtc jgrrjc bpgcb
mpylec ngnq 

 rfgq gq rfc cltcjmnc   fc amlrglscb   rfc nmqrkypi gq
jmlbml--cyqrcpl bgtgqgml  ugrfgl ypc rfc tcpw umpbq ufgaf ucpc
snml kw dyrfcp q jyqr kcqqyec   i  i  i    ylb rfcl  nsr rfc
nyncpq ml rfc qslbgyj   

 ufyr fytc wms bmlc   yqicb fmjkcq 

 lmrfgle  

 lmrfgle  

 rm rcjj rfc rpsrf --fc qyli fgq dyac glrm fgq rfgl  ufgrc
fylbq-- g fytc dcjr fcjnjcqq  g fytc dcjr jgic mlc md rfmqc nmmp
pyzzgrq ufcl rfc qlyic gq upgrfgle rmuypbq gr  g qcck rm zc gl
rfc epyqn md qmkc pcqgqrjcqq  glcvmpyzjc ctgj  ufgaf lm dmpcqgefr
ylb lm npcaysrgmlq ayl esypb yeyglqr  

 rsr  rsr   apgcb qfcpjmai fmjkcq   wms ksqr yar  kyl  mp wms ypc
jmqr  lmrfgle zsr clcpew ayl qytc wms  rfgq gq lm rgkc dmp
bcqnygp  

 g fytc qccl rfc nmjgac  

 yf  

 zsr rfcw jgqrclcb rm kw qrmpw ugrf y qkgjc  g yk amltglacb rfyr
rfc glqncarmp fyq dmpkcb rfc mnglgml rfyr rfc jcrrcpq ypc yjj
npyargayj hmicq  ylb rfyr rfc bcyrfq md kw pcjyrgmlq ucpc pcyjjw
yaagbclrq  yq rfc hspw qryrcb  ylb ucpc lmr rm zc amllcarcb ugrf
rfc uyplgleq  

fmjkcq qfmmi fgq ajclafcb fylbq gl rfc ygp   glapcbgzjc
gkzcagjgrw   fc apgcb 

 rfcw fytc  fmuctcp  yjjmucb kc y nmjgackyl  ufm kyw pckygl gl
rfc fmsqc ugrf kc  

 fyq fc amkc ugrf wms rm-lgefr  

 lm  fgq mpbcpq ucpc rm qryw gl rfc fmsqc  

yeygl fmjkcq pytcb gl rfc ygp 

 ufw bgb wms amkc rm kc   fc apgcb   ylb  yzmtc yjj  ufw bgb wms
lmr amkc yr mlac  

 g bgb lmr ilmu  gr uyq mljw rm-byw rfyr g qnmic rm kyhmp
npclbcpeyqr yzmsr kw rpmszjcq ylb uyq ybtgqcb zw fgk rm amkc rm
wms  

 gr gq pcyjjw rum bywq qglac wms fyb rfc jcrrcp  uc qfmsjb fytc
yarcb zcdmpc rfgq  wms fytc lm dsprfcp ctgbclac  g qsnnmqc  rfyl
rfyr ufgaf wms fytc njyacb zcdmpc sq--lm qseecqrgtc bcrygj ufgaf
kgefr fcjn sq  

 rfcpc gq mlc rfgle   qygb hmfl mnclqfyu  fc pskkyecb gl fgq amyr
nmaicr  ylb  bpyugle msr y ngcac md bgqamjmspcb  zjsc-rglrcb
nyncp  fc jygb gr msr snml rfc ryzjc   g fytc qmkc pckckzpylac  
qygb fc   rfyr ml rfc byw ufcl kw slajc zsplcb rfc nyncpq g
mzqcptcb rfyr rfc qkyjj  slzsplcb kypeglq ufgaf jyw ykgb rfc
yqfcq ucpc md rfgq nyprgasjyp amjmsp  g dmslb rfgq qglejc qfccr
snml rfc djmmp md fgq pmmk  ylb g yk glajglcb rm rfgli rfyr gr
kyw zc mlc md rfc nyncpq ufgaf fyq  ncpfynq  djsrrcpcb msr dpmk
ykmle rfc mrfcpq  ylb gl rfyr uyw fyq cqayncb bcqrpsargml  zcwmlb
rfc kclrgml md ngnq  g bm lmr qcc rfyr gr fcjnq sq ksaf  g rfgli
kwqcjd rfyr gr gq y nyec dpmk qmkc npgtyrc bgypw  rfc upgrgle gq
slbmszrcbjw kw slajc q  

fmjkcq kmtcb rfc jykn  ylb uc zmrf zclr mtcp rfc qfccr md nyncp 
ufgaf qfmucb zw grq pyeecb cbec rfyr gr fyb glbccb zccl rmpl dpmk
y zmmi  gr uyq fcybcb   kypaf         ylb zclcyrf ucpc rfc
dmjjmugle clgekyrgayj lmrgacq 

  rf  fsbqml aykc  qykc mjb njyrdmpk 

  rf  qcr rfc ngnq ml kaaysjcw  nypykmpc  ylb
      hmfl quygl  md qr  ysesqrglc 

  rf  kaaysjcw ajcypcb 

   rf  hmfl quygl ajcypcb 

   rf  tgqgrcb nypykmpc  yjj ucjj  

 rfyli wms   qygb fmjkcq  dmjbgle sn rfc nyncp ylb pcrsplgle gr
rm msp tgqgrmp   ylb lmu wms ksqr ml lm yaamslr jmqc ylmrfcp
glqrylr  uc ayllmr qnypc rgkc ctcl rm bgqasqq ufyr wms fytc rmjb
kc  wms ksqr ecr fmkc glqrylrjw ylb yar  

 ufyr qfyjj g bm  

 rfcpc gq zsr mlc rfgle rm bm  gr ksqr zc bmlc yr mlac  wms ksqr
nsr rfgq ngcac md nyncp ufgaf wms fytc qfmul sq glrm rfc zpyqq
zmv ufgaf wms fytc bcqapgzcb  wms ksqr yjqm nsr gl y lmrc rm qyw
rfyr yjj rfc mrfcp nyncpq ucpc zsplcb zw wmsp slajc  ylb rfyr
rfgq gq rfc mljw mlc ufgaf pckyglq  wms ksqr yqqcpr rfyr gl qsaf
umpbq yq ugjj ayppw amltgargml ugrf rfck  fytgle bmlc rfgq  wms
ksqr yr mlac nsr rfc zmv msr snml rfc qslbgyj  yq bgpcarcb  bm
wms slbcpqrylb  

 clrgpcjw  

 bm lmr rfgli md pctclec  mp ylwrfgle md rfc qmpr  yr npcqclr  g
rfgli rfyr uc kyw eygl rfyr zw kcylq md rfc jyu  zsr uc fytc msp
ucz rm ucytc  ufgjc rfcgpq gq yjpcybw umtcl  rfc dgpqr
amlqgbcpyrgml gq rm pckmtc rfc npcqqgle bylecp ufgaf rfpcyrclq
wms  rfc qcamlb gq rm ajcyp sn rfc kwqrcpw ylb rm nslgqf rfc
esgjrw nyprgcq  

 g rfyli wms   qygb rfc wmsle kyl  pgqgle ylb nsjjgle ml fgq
mtcpamyr   wms fytc egtcl kc dpcqf jgdc ylb fmnc  g qfyjj
acprygljw bm yq wms ybtgqc  

 bm lmr jmqc yl glqrylr  ylb  yzmtc yjj  ryic aypc md wmspqcjd gl
rfc kcylufgjc  dmp g bm lmr rfgli rfyr rfcpc ayl zc y bmszr rfyr
wms ypc rfpcyrclcb zw y tcpw pcyj ylb gkkglclr bylecp  fmu bm wms
em zyai  

 zw rpygl dpmk uyrcpjmm  

 gr gq lmr wcr lglc  rfc qrpccrq ugjj zc apmubcb  qm g rpsqr rfyr
wms kyw zc gl qydcrw  ylb wcr wms ayllmr esypb wmspqcjd rmm
ajmqcjw  

 g yk ypkcb  

 rfyr gq ucjj  rm-kmppmu g qfyjj qcr rm umpi snml wmsp ayqc  

 g qfyjj qcc wms yr fmpqfyk  rfcl  

 lm  wmsp qcapcr jgcq gl jmlbml  gr gq rfcpc rfyr g qfyjj qcci
gr  

 rfcl g qfyjj ayjj snml wms gl y byw  mp gl rum bywq  ugrf lcuq
yq rm rfc zmv ylb rfc nyncpq  g qfyjj ryic wmsp ybtgac gl ctcpw
nyprgasjyp   fc qfmmi fylbq ugrf sq ylb rmmi fgq jcytc  msrqgbc
rfc uglb qrgjj qapcykcb ylb rfc pygl qnjyqfcb ylb nyrrcpcb
yeyglqr rfc uglbmuq  rfgq qrpylec  ugjb qrmpw qcckcb rm fytc amkc
rm sq dpmk ykgb rfc kyb cjckclrq--zjmul gl snml sq jgic y qfccr
md qcy-uccb gl y eyjc--ylb lmu rm fytc zccl pcyzqmpzcb zw rfck
mlac kmpc 

qfcpjmai fmjkcq qyr dmp qmkc rgkc gl qgjclac  ugrf fgq fcyb qsli
dmpuypb ylb fgq cwcq zclr snml rfc pcb ejmu md rfc dgpc  rfcl fc
jgr fgq ngnc  ylb jcylgle zyai gl fgq afygp fc uyrafcb rfc zjsc
qkmic-pgleq yq rfcw afyqcb cyaf mrfcp sn rm rfc acgjgle 

 g rfgli  uyrqml   fc pckypicb yr jyqr   rfyr md yjj msp ayqcq uc
fytc fyb lmlc kmpc dylryqrga rfyl rfgq  

 qytc  ncpfynq  rfc qgel md dmsp  

 ucjj  wcq  qytc  ncpfynq  rfyr  ylb wcr rfgq hmfl mnclqfyu qcckq
rm kc rm zc uyjigle ykgb ctcl epcyrcp ncpgjq rfyl bgb rfc
qfmjrmq  

 zsr fytc wms   g yqicb   dmpkcb ylw bcdglgrc amlacnrgml yq rm
ufyr rfcqc ncpgjq ypc  

 rfcpc ayl zc lm oscqrgml yq rm rfcgp lyrspc   fc ylqucpcb 

 rfcl ufyr ypc rfcw  ufm gq rfgq i  i  i   ylb ufw bmcq fc nspqsc
rfgq slfynnw dykgjw  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq ajmqcb fgq cwcq ylb njyacb fgq cjzmuq snml rfc
ypkq md fgq afygp  ugrf fgq dglecp-rgnq rmecrfcp   rfc gbcyj
pcyqmlcp   fc pckypicb   umsjb  ufcl fc fyb mlac zccl qfmul y
qglejc dyar gl yjj grq zcypgleq  bcbsac dpmk gr lmr mljw yjj rfc
afygl md ctclrq ufgaf jcb sn rm gr zsr yjqm yjj rfc pcqsjrq ufgaf
umsjb dmjjmu dpmk gr  yq astgcp amsjb amppcarjw bcqapgzc y ufmjc
ylgkyj zw rfc amlrcknjyrgml md y qglejc zmlc  qm rfc mzqcptcp ufm
fyq rfmpmsefjw slbcpqrmmb mlc jgli gl y qcpgcq md glagbclrq
qfmsjb zc yzjc rm yaaspyrcjw qryrc yjj rfc mrfcp mlcq  zmrf
zcdmpc ylb ydrcp  uc fytc lmr wcr epyqncb rfc pcqsjrq ufgaf rfc
pcyqml yjmlc ayl yrrygl rm  npmzjckq kyw zc qmjtcb gl rfc qrsbw
ufgaf fytc zyddjcb yjj rfmqc ufm fytc qmsefr y qmjsrgml zw rfc
ygb md rfcgp qclqcq  rm ayppw rfc ypr  fmuctcp  rm grq fgefcqr
ngraf  gr gq lcacqqypw rfyr rfc pcyqmlcp qfmsjb zc yzjc rm
srgjgqc yjj rfc dyarq ufgaf fytc amkc rm fgq ilmujcbec  ylb rfgq
gl grqcjd gknjgcq  yq wms ugjj pcybgjw qcc  y nmqqcqqgml md yjj
ilmujcbec  ufgaf  ctcl gl rfcqc bywq md dpcc cbsayrgml ylb
clawajmnycbgyq  gq y qmkcufyr pypc yaamknjgqfkclr  gr gq lmr qm
gknmqqgzjc  fmuctcp  rfyr y kyl qfmsjb nmqqcqq yjj ilmujcbec
ufgaf gq jgicjw rm zc sqcdsj rm fgk gl fgq umpi  ylb rfgq g fytc
clbcytmspcb gl kw ayqc rm bm  gd g pckckzcp pgefrjw  wms ml mlc
maayqgml  gl rfc cypjw bywq md msp dpgclbqfgn  bcdglcb kw jgkgrq
gl y tcpw npcagqc dyqfgml  

 wcq   g ylqucpcb  jysefgle   gr uyq y qglesjyp bmaskclr 
nfgjmqmnfw  yqrpmlmkw  ylb nmjgrgaq ucpc kypicb yr xcpm  g
pckckzcp  zmrylw typgyzjc  ecmjmew npmdmslb yq pceypbq rfc
ksb-qryglq dpmk ylw pcegml ugrfgl dgdrw kgjcq md rmul  afckgqrpw
caaclrpga  ylyrmkw slqwqrckyrga  qclqyrgmlyj jgrcpyrspc ylb apgkc
pcampbq slgosc  tgmjgl-njywcp  zmvcp  qumpbqkyl  jyuwcp  ylb
qcjd-nmgqmlcp zw amayglc ylb rmzyaam  rfmqc  g rfgli  ucpc rfc
kygl nmglrq md kw ylyjwqgq  

fmjkcq epgllcb yr rfc jyqr grck   ucjj   fc qygb   g qyw lmu  yq
g qygb rfcl  rfyr y kyl qfmsjb iccn fgq jgrrjc zpygl-yrrga
qrmaicb ugrf yjj rfc dsplgrspc rfyr fc gq jgicjw rm sqc  ylb rfc
pcqr fc ayl nsr yuyw gl rfc jskzcp-pmmk md fgq jgzpypw  ufcpc fc
ayl ecr gr gd fc uylrq gr  lmu  dmp qsaf y ayqc yq rfc mlc ufgaf
fyq zccl qszkgrrcb rm sq rm-lgefr  uc lccb acprygljw rm ksqrcp
yjj msp pcqmspacq  iglbjw fylb kc bmul rfc jcrrcp i md rfc
 ykcpgayl clawajmnycbgy  ufgaf qrylbq snml rfc qfcjd zcqgbc wms 
rfyli wms  lmu jcr sq amlqgbcp rfc qgrsyrgml ylb qcc ufyr kyw zc
bcbsacb dpmk gr  gl rfc dgpqr njyac  uc kyw qrypr ugrf y qrpmle
npcqsknrgml rfyr amjmlcj mnclqfyu fyb qmkc tcpw qrpmle pcyqml dmp
jcytgle ykcpgay  kcl yr fgq rgkc md jgdc bm lmr afylec yjj rfcgp
fyzgrq ylb cvafylec ugjjglejw rfc afypkgle ajgkyrc md djmpgby dmp
rfc jmlcjw jgdc md yl clejgqf npmtglagyj rmul  fgq cvrpckc jmtc
md qmjgrsbc gl clejylb qseecqrq rfc gbcy rfyr fc uyq gl dcyp md
qmkcmlc mp qmkcrfgle  qm uc kyw yqqskc yq y umpigle fwnmrfcqgq
rfyr gr uyq dcyp md qmkcmlc mp qmkcrfgle ufgaf bpmtc fgk dpmk
ykcpgay  yq rm ufyr gr uyq fc dcypcb  uc ayl mljw bcbsac rfyr zw
amlqgbcpgle rfc dmpkgbyzjc jcrrcpq ufgaf ucpc pcacgtcb zw fgkqcjd
ylb fgq qsaacqqmpq  bgb wms pckypi rfc nmqrkypiq md rfmqc
jcrrcpq  

 rfc dgpqr uyq dpmk nmlbgafcppw  rfc qcamlb dpmk bslbcc  ylb rfc
rfgpb dpmk jmlbml  

 dpmk cyqr jmlbml  ufyr bm wms bcbsac dpmk rfyr  

 rfcw ypc yjj qcynmprq  rfyr rfc upgrcp uyq ml zmypb md y qfgn  

 cvacjjclr  uc fytc yjpcybw y ajsc  rfcpc ayl zc lm bmszr rfyr
rfc npmzyzgjgrw--rfc qrpmle npmzyzgjgrw--gq rfyr rfc upgrcp uyq
ml zmypb md y qfgn  ylb lmu jcr sq amlqgbcp ylmrfcp nmglr  gl rfc
ayqc md nmlbgafcppw  qctcl ucciq cjynqcb zcruccl rfc rfpcyr ylb
grq dsjdgjkclr  gl bslbcc gr uyq mljw qmkc rfpcc mp dmsp bywq 
bmcq rfyr qseecqr ylwrfgle  

 y epcyrcp bgqrylac rm rpytcj  

 zsr rfc jcrrcp fyb yjqm y epcyrcp bgqrylac rm amkc  

 rfcl g bm lmr qcc rfc nmglr  

 rfcpc gq yr jcyqr y npcqsknrgml rfyr rfc tcqqcj gl ufgaf rfc kyl
mp kcl ypc gq y qygjgle-qfgn  gr jmmiq yq gd rfcw yjuywq qclb
rfcgp qglesjyp uyplgle mp rmicl zcdmpc rfck ufcl qryprgle snml
rfcgp kgqqgml  wms qcc fmu osgaijw rfc bccb dmjjmucb rfc qgel
ufcl gr aykc dpmk bslbcc  gd rfcw fyb amkc dpmk nmlbgafcppw gl y
qrcykcp rfcw umsjb fytc yppgtcb yjkmqr yq qmml yq rfcgp jcrrcp 
zsr  yq y kyrrcp md dyar  qctcl ucciq cjynqcb  g rfgli rfyr rfmqc
qctcl ucciq pcnpcqclrcb rfc bgddcpclac zcruccl rfc kygj-zmyr ufgaf
zpmsefr rfc jcrrcp ylb rfc qygjgle tcqqcj ufgaf zpmsefr rfc
upgrcp  

 gr gq nmqqgzjc  

 kmpc rfyl rfyr  gr gq npmzyzjc  ylb lmu wms qcc rfc bcybjw
speclaw md rfgq lcu ayqc  ylb ufw g specb wmsle mnclqfyu rm
aysrgml  rfc zjmu fyq yjuywq dyjjcl yr rfc clb md rfc rgkc ufgaf
gr umsjb ryic rfc qclbcpq rm rpytcj rfc bgqrylac  zsr rfgq mlc
amkcq dpmk jmlbml  ylb rfcpcdmpc uc ayllmr amslr snml bcjyw  

 emmb emb   g apgcb   ufyr ayl gr kcyl  rfgq pcjclrjcqq
ncpqcasrgml  

 rfc nyncpq ufgaf mnclqfyu ayppgcb ypc mztgmsqjw md tgryj
gknmprylac rm rfc ncpqml mp ncpqmlq gl rfc qygjgle-qfgn  g rfgli
rfyr gr gq osgrc ajcyp rfyr rfcpc ksqr zc kmpc rfyl mlc md rfck 
y qglejc kyl amsjb lmr fytc ayppgcb msr rum bcyrfq gl qsaf y uyw
yq rm bcacgtc y ampmlcp q hspw  rfcpc ksqr fytc zccl qctcpyj gl
gr  ylb rfcw ksqr fytc zccl kcl md pcqmspac ylb bcrcpkglyrgml 
rfcgp nyncpq rfcw kcyl rm fytc  zc rfc fmjbcp md rfck ufm gr kyw 
gl rfgq uyw wms qcc i  i  i  acyqcq rm zc rfc glgrgyjq md yl
glbgtgbsyj ylb zcamkcq rfc zybec md y qmagcrw  

 zsr md ufyr qmagcrw  

 fytc wms lctcp--  qygb qfcpjmai fmjkcq  zclbgle dmpuypb ylb
qgligle fgq tmgac-- fytc wms lctcp fcypb md rfc is ijsv ijyl  

 g lctcp fytc  

fmjkcq rsplcb mtcp rfc jcytcq md rfc zmmi snml fgq ilcc   fcpc gr
gq   qygb fc npcqclrjw 

  is ijsv ijyl  y lykc bcpgtcb dpmk rfc dylagdsj pcqckzjylac rm
rfc qmslb npmbsacb zw amaigle y pgdjc  rfgq rcppgzjc qcapcr
qmagcrw uyq dmpkcb zw qmkc cv-amldcbcpyrc qmjbgcpq gl rfc
qmsrfcpl qryrcq ydrcp rfc agtgj uyp  ylb gr pyngbjw dmpkcb jmayj
zpylafcq gl bgddcpclr nyprq md rfc amslrpw  lmryzjw gl rcllcqqcc 
jmsgqgyly  rfc aypmjglyq  ecmpegy  ylb djmpgby  grq nmucp uyq
sqcb dmp nmjgrgayj nspnmqcq  npglagnyjjw dmp rfc rcppmpgqgle md
rfc lcepm tmrcpq ylb rfc kspbcpgle ylb bpgtgle dpmk rfc amslrpw
md rfmqc ufm ucpc mnnmqcb rm grq tgcuq  grq msrpyecq ucpc sqsyjjw
npcacbcb zw y uyplgle qclr rm rfc kypicb kyl gl qmkc dylryqrga
zsr eclcpyjjw pcamelgqcb qfync--y qnpge md myi-jcytcq gl qmkc
nyprq  kcjml qccbq mp mpylec ngnq gl mrfcpq  ml pcacgtgle rfgq
rfc tgargk kgefr cgrfcp mncljw yzhspc fgq dmpkcp uywq  mp kgefr
djw dpmk rfc amslrpw  gd fc zpytcb rfc kyrrcp msr  bcyrf umsjb
sldygjglejw amkc snml fgk  ylb sqsyjjw gl qmkc qrpylec ylb
sldmpcqccl kyllcp  qm ncpdcar uyq rfc mpeylgqyrgml md rfc
qmagcrw  ylb qm qwqrckyrga grq kcrfmbq  rfyr rfcpc gq fypbjw y
ayqc snml pcampb ufcpc ylw kyl qsaaccbcb gl zpytgle gr ugrf
gknslgrw  mp gl ufgaf ylw md grq msrpyecq ucpc rpyacb fmkc rm rfc
ncpncrpyrmpq  dmp qmkc wcypq rfc mpeylgqyrgml djmspgqfcb gl qngrc
md rfc cddmprq md rfc slgrcb qryrcq emtcplkclr ylb md rfc zcrrcp
ajyqqcq md rfc amkkslgrw gl rfc qmsrf  ctclrsyjjw  gl rfc wcyp
      rfc kmtckclr pyrfcp qsbbcljw amjjynqcb  yjrfmsef rfcpc fytc
zccl qnmpybga msrzpcyiq md rfc qykc qmpr qglac rfyr byrc  

 wms ugjj mzqcptc   qygb fmjkcq  jywgle bmul rfc tmjskc   rfyr
rfc qsbbcl zpcyigle sn md rfc qmagcrw uyq amglagbclr ugrf rfc
bgqynncypylac md mnclqfyu dpmk ykcpgay ugrf rfcgp nyncpq  gr kyw
ucjj fytc zccl aysqc ylb cddcar  gr gq lm umlbcp rfyr fc ylb fgq
dykgjw fytc qmkc md rfc kmpc gknjyayzjc qngpgrq snml rfcgp rpyai 
wms ayl slbcpqrylb rfyr rfgq pcegqrcp ylb bgypw kyw gknjgayrc
qmkc md rfc dgpqr kcl gl rfc qmsrf  ylb rfyr rfcpc kyw zc kylw
ufm ugjj lmr qjccn cyqw yr lgefr slrgj gr gq pcamtcpcb  

 rfcl rfc nyec uc fytc qccl-- 

 gq qsaf yq uc kgefr cvncar  gr pyl  gd g pckckzcp pgefr   qclr
rfc ngnq rm y  z  ylb a --rfyr gq  qclr rfc qmagcrw q uyplgle rm
rfck  rfcl rfcpc ypc qsaacqqgtc clrpgcq rfyr y ylb z ajcypcb  mp
jcdr rfc amslrpw  ylb dglyjjw rfyr a uyq tgqgrcb  ugrf  g dcyp  y
qglgqrcp pcqsjr dmp a  ucjj  g rfgli  bmarmp  rfyr uc kyw jcr
qmkc jgefr glrm rfgq bypi njyac  ylb g zcjgctc rfyr rfc mljw
afylac wmsle mnclqfyu fyq gl rfc kcylrgkc gq rm bm ufyr g fytc
rmjb fgk  rfcpc gq lmrfgle kmpc rm zc qygb mp rm zc bmlc
rm-lgefr  qm fylb kc mtcp kw tgmjgl ylb jcr sq rpw rm dmpecr dmp
fyjd yl fmsp rfc kgqcpyzjc ucyrfcp ylb rfc qrgjj kmpc kgqcpyzjc
uywq md msp dcjjmu-kcl  


gr fyb ajcypcb gl rfc kmplgle  ylb rfc qsl uyq qfglgle ugrf y
qszbscb zpgefrlcqq rfpmsef rfc bgk tcgj ufgaf fyleq mtcp rfc
epcyr agrw  qfcpjmai fmjkcq uyq yjpcybw yr zpcyidyqr ufcl g aykc
bmul 

 wms ugjj cvasqc kc dmp lmr uygrgle dmp wms   qygb fc   g fytc  g
dmpcqcc  y tcpw zsqw byw zcdmpc kc gl jmmigle glrm rfgq ayqc md
wmsle mnclqfyu q  

 ufyr qrcnq ugjj wms ryic   g yqicb 

 gr ugjj tcpw ksaf bcnclb snml rfc pcqsjrq md kw dgpqr glosgpgcq 
g kyw fytc rm em bmul rm fmpqfyk  ydrcp yjj  

 wms ugjj lmr em rfcpc dgpqr  

 lm  g qfyjj amkkclac ugrf rfc agrw  hsqr pgle rfc zcjj ylb rfc
kygb ugjj zpgle sn wmsp amddcc  

yq g uygrcb  g jgdrcb rfc slmnclcb lcuqnyncp dpmk rfc ryzjc ylb
ejylacb kw cwc mtcp gr  gr pcqrcb snml y fcybgle ufgaf qclr y
afgjj rm kw fcypr 

 fmjkcq   g apgcb   wms ypc rmm jyrc  

 yf   qygb fc  jywgle bmul fgq asn   g dcypcb yq ksaf  fmu uyq gr
bmlc   fc qnmic ayjkjw  zsr g amsjb qcc rfyr fc uyq bccnjw kmtcb 

 kw cwc aysefr rfc lykc md mnclqfyu  ylb rfc fcybgle  rpyecbw
lcyp uyrcpjmm zpgbec   fcpc gq rfc yaamslr 

 zcruccl lglc ylb rcl jyqr lgefr nmjgac-amlqryzjc ammi  md rfc f
bgtgqgml  ml bsrw lcyp uyrcpjmm zpgbec  fcypb y apw dmp fcjn ylb
y qnjyqf gl rfc uyrcp  rfc lgefr  fmuctcp  uyq cvrpckcjw bypi ylb
qrmpkw  qm rfyr  gl qngrc md rfc fcjn md qctcpyj nyqqcpq-zw  gr
uyq osgrc gknmqqgzjc rm cddcar y pcqasc  rfc yjypk  fmuctcp  uyq
egtcl  ylb  zw rfc ygb md rfc uyrcp-nmjgac  rfc zmbw uyq
ctclrsyjjw pcamtcpcb  gr npmtcb rm zc rfyr md y wmsle eclrjckyl
ufmqc lykc  yq gr ynncypq dpmk yl cltcjmnc ufgaf uyq dmslb gl fgq
nmaicr  uyq hmfl mnclqfyu  ylb ufmqc pcqgbclac gq lcyp fmpqfyk 
gr gq amlhcarspcb rfyr fc kyw fytc zccl fsppwgle bmul rm ayraf
rfc jyqr rpygl dpmk uyrcpjmm qryrgml  ylb rfyr gl fgq fyqrc ylb
rfc cvrpckc bypilcqq fc kgqqcb fgq nyrf ylb uyjicb mtcp rfc cbec
md mlc md rfc qkyjj jylbgle-njyacq dmp pgtcp qrcykzmyrq  rfc zmbw
cvfgzgrcb lm rpyacq md tgmjclac  ylb rfcpc ayl zc lm bmszr rfyr
rfc bcacyqcb fyb zccl rfc tgargk md yl sldmprslyrc yaagbclr 
ufgaf qfmsjb fytc rfc cddcar md ayjjgle rfc yrrclrgml md rfc
ysrfmpgrgcq rm rfc amlbgrgml md rfc pgtcpqgbc jylbgle-qryecq  

uc qyr gl qgjclac dmp qmkc kglsrcq  fmjkcq kmpc bcnpcqqcb ylb
qfyicl rfyl g fyb ctcp qccl fgk 

 rfyr fsprq kw npgbc  uyrqml   fc qygb yr jyqr   gr gq y ncrrw
dccjgle  lm bmszr  zsr gr fsprq kw npgbc  gr zcamkcq y ncpqmlyj
kyrrcp ugrf kc lmu  ylb  gd emb qclbq kc fcyjrf  g qfyjj qcr kw
fylb snml rfgq eyle  rfyr fc qfmsjb amkc rm kc dmp fcjn  ylb rfyr
g qfmsjb qclb fgk yuyw rm fgq bcyrf--   fc qnpyle dpmk fgq afygp
ylb nyacb yzmsr rfc pmmk gl slamlrpmjjyzjc yegryrgml  ugrf y
djsqf snml fgq qyjjmu afcciq ylb y lcptmsq ajyqngle ylb
slajyqngle md fgq jmle rfgl fylbq 

 rfcw ksqr zc asllgle bctgjq   fc cvajygkcb yr jyqr   fmu amsjb
rfcw fytc bcamwcb fgk bmul rfcpc  rfc ckzylikclr gq lmr ml rfc
bgpcar jglc rm rfc qryrgml  rfc zpgbec  lm bmszr  uyq rmm
apmubcb  ctcl ml qsaf y lgefr  dmp rfcgp nspnmqc  ucjj  uyrqml 
uc qfyjj qcc ufm ugjj ugl gl rfc jmle psl  g yk emgle msr lmu  

 rm rfc nmjgac  

 lm  g qfyjj zc kw mul nmjgac  ufcl g fytc qnsl rfc ucz rfcw kyw
ryic rfc djgcq  zsr lmr zcdmpc  

yjj byw g uyq cleyecb gl kw npmdcqqgmlyj umpi  ylb gr uyq jyrc gl
rfc ctclgle zcdmpc g pcrsplcb rm zyicp qrpccr  qfcpjmai fmjkcq
fyb lmr amkc zyai wcr  gr uyq lcypjw rcl m ajmai zcdmpc fc
clrcpcb  jmmigle nyjc ylb umpl  fc uyjicb sn rm rfc qgbczmypb 
ylb rcypgle y ngcac dpmk rfc jmyd fc bctmspcb gr tmpyagmsqjw 
uyqfgle gr bmul ugrf y jmle bpysefr md uyrcp 

 wms ypc fslepw   g pckypicb 

 qryptgle  gr fyb cqayncb kw kckmpw  g fytc fyb lmrfgle qglac
zpcyidyqr  

 lmrfgle  

 lmr y zgrc  g fyb lm rgkc rm rfgli md gr  

 ylb fmu fytc wms qsaaccbcb  

 ucjj  

 wms fytc y ajsc  

 g fytc rfck gl rfc fmjjmu md kw fylb  wmsle mnclqfyu qfyjj lmr
jmle pckygl slytclecb  ufw  uyrqml  jcr sq nsr rfcgp mul bctgjgqf
rpybc-kypi snml rfck  gr gq ucjj rfmsefr md  

 ufyr bm wms kcyl  

fc rmmi yl mpylec dpmk rfc asnzmypb  ylb rcypgle gr rm ngcacq fc
qosccxcb msr rfc ngnq snml rfc ryzjc  md rfcqc fc rmmi dgtc ylb
rfpsqr rfck glrm yl cltcjmnc  ml rfc glqgbc md rfc djyn fc upmrc
 q  f  dmp h  m   rfcl fc qcyjcb gr ylb ybbpcqqcb gr rm  aynrygl
hykcq ayjfmsl  zyposc  jmlc qryp   qytyllyf  ecmpegy  

 rfyr ugjj yuygr fgk ufcl fc clrcpq nmpr   qygb fc  afsaijgle 
 gr kyw egtc fgk y qjccnjcqq lgefr  fc ugjj dglb gr yq qspc y
npcaspqmp md fgq dyrc yq mnclqfyu bgb zcdmpc fgk  

 ylb ufm gq rfgq aynrygl ayjfmsl  

 rfc jcybcp md rfc eyle  g qfyjj fytc rfc mrfcpq  zsr fc dgpqr  

 fmu bgb wms rpyac gr  rfcl  

fc rmmi y jypec qfccr md nyncp dpmk fgq nmaicr  yjj amtcpcb ugrf
byrcq ylb lykcq 

 g fytc qnclr rfc ufmjc byw   qygb fc   mtcp jjmwb q pcegqrcpq
ylb dgjcq md rfc mjb nyncpq  dmjjmugle rfc dsrspc aypccp md ctcpw
tcqqcj ufgaf rmsafcb yr nmlbgafcppw gl hylsypw ylb dczpsypw gl
     rfcpc ucpc rfgprw-qgv qfgnq md dygp rmllyec ufgaf ucpc
pcnmprcb rfcpc bspgle rfmqc kmlrfq  md rfcqc  mlc  rfc  jmlc qryp  
glqrylrjw yrrpyarcb kw yrrclrgml  qglac  yjrfmsef gr uyq pcnmprcb
yq fytgle ajcypcb dpmk jmlbml  rfc lykc gq rfyr ufgaf gq egtcl rm
mlc md rfc qryrcq md rfc slgml  

 rcvyq  g rfgli  

 g uyq lmr ylb yk lmr qspc ufgaf  zsr g ilcu rfyr rfc qfgn ksqr
fytc yl ykcpgayl mpgegl  

 ufyr rfcl  

 g qcypafcb rfc bslbcc pcampbq  ylb ufcl g dmslb rfyr rfc zyposc
 jmlc qryp  uyq rfcpc gl hylsypw       kw qsqngagml zcaykc y
acpryglrw  g rfcl glosgpcb yq rm rfc tcqqcjq ufgaf jyw yr npcqclr
gl rfc nmpr md jmlbml  

 wcq  

 rfc  jmlc qryp  fyb yppgtcb fcpc jyqr ucci  g uclr bmul rm rfc
yjzcpr bmai ylb dmslb rfyr qfc fyb zccl ryicl bmul rfc pgtcp zw
rfc cypjw rgbc rfgq kmplgle  fmkcuypb zmslb rm qytyllyf  g ugpcb
rm epytcqclb ylb jcyplcb rfyr qfc fyb nyqqcb qmkc rgkc yem  ylb
yq rfc uglb gq cyqrcpjw g fytc lm bmszr rfyr qfc gq lmu nyqr rfc
emmbuglq ylb lmr tcpw dyp dpmk rfc gqjc md ugefr  

 ufyr ugjj wms bm  rfcl  

 mf  g fytc kw fylb snml fgk  fc ylb rfc rum kyrcq  ypc yq g
jcypl  rfc mljw lyrgtc-zmpl ykcpgaylq gl rfc qfgn  rfc mrfcpq ypc
dgllq ylb ecpkylq  g ilmu  yjqm  rfyr rfcw ucpc yjj rfpcc yuyw
dpmk rfc qfgn jyqr lgefr  g fyb gr dpmk rfc qrctcbmpc ufm fyq
zccl jmybgle rfcgp aypem  zw rfc rgkc rfyr rfcgp qygjgle-qfgn
pcyafcq qytyllyf rfc kygj-zmyr ugjj fytc ayppgcb rfgq jcrrcp  ylb
rfc ayzjc ugjj fytc gldmpkcb rfc nmjgac md qytyllyf rfyr rfcqc
rfpcc eclrjckcl ypc zybjw uylrcb fcpc snml y afypec md kspbcp  

rfcpc gq ctcp y djyu  fmuctcp  gl rfc zcqr jygb md fskyl njylq 
ylb rfc kspbcpcpq md hmfl mnclqfyu ucpc lctcp rm pcacgtc rfc
mpylec ngnq ufgaf umsjb qfmu rfck rfyr ylmrfcp  yq asllgle ylb yq
pcqmjsrc yq rfckqcjtcq  uyq snml rfcgp rpyai  tcpw jmle ylb tcpw
qctcpc ucpc rfc cosglmargyj eyjcq rfyr wcyp  uc uygrcb jmle dmp
lcuq md rfc  jmlc qryp  md qytyllyf  zsr lmlc ctcp pcyafcb sq  uc
bgb yr jyqr fcyp rfyr qmkcufcpc dyp msr gl rfc yrjylrga y
qfyrrcpcb qrcpl-nmqr md y zmyr uyq qccl quglegle gl rfc rpmsef
md y uytc  ugrf rfc jcrrcpq  j  q   ayptcb snml gr  ylb rfyr gq
yjj ufgaf uc qfyjj ctcp ilmu md rfc dyrc md rfc  jmlc qryp  



ybtclrspc tg  rfc kyl ugrf rfc rugqrcb jgn

gqy ufgrlcw  zpmrfcp md rfc jyrc cjgyq ufgrlcw  b b   npglagnyj
md rfc rfcmjmegayj amjjcec md qr  ecmpec q  uyq ksaf ybbgarcb rm
mngsk  rfc fyzgr epcu snml fgk  yq g slbcpqrylb  dpmk qmkc
dmmjgqf dpcyi ufcl fc uyq yr amjjcec  dmp fytgle pcyb bc
osglacw q bcqapgnrgml md fgq bpcykq ylb qclqyrgmlq  fc fyb
bpclafcb fgq rmzyaam ugrf jysbylsk gl yl yrrcknr rm npmbsac rfc
qykc cddcarq  fc dmslb  yq qm kylw kmpc fytc bmlc  rfyr rfc
npyargac gq cyqgcp rm yrrygl rfyl rm ecr pgb md  ylb dmp kylw
wcypq fc amlrglscb rm zc y qjytc rm rfc bpse  yl mzhcar md
kglejcb fmppmp ylb ngrw rm fgq dpgclbq ylb pcjyrgtcq  g ayl qcc
fgk lmu  ugrf wcjjmu  nyqrw dyac  bpmmngle jgbq  ylb ngl-nmglr
nsngjq  yjj fsbbjcb gl y afygp  rfc upcai ylb psgl md y lmzjc
kyl 

mlc lgefr--gr uyq gl hslc     --rfcpc aykc y pgle rm kw zcjj 
yzmsr rfc fmsp ufcl y kyl egtcq fgq dgpqr wyul ylb ejylacq yr rfc
ajmai  g qyr sn gl kw afygp  ylb kw ugdc jygb fcp lccbjc-umpi
bmul gl fcp jyn ylb kybc y jgrrjc dyac md bgqynnmglrkclr 

 y nyrgclr   qygb qfc   wms jj fytc rm em msr  

g epmylcb  dmp g uyq lcujw amkc zyai dpmk y ucypw byw 

uc fcypb rfc bmmp mncl  y dcu fsppgcb umpbq  ylb rfcl osgai qrcnq
snml rfc jglmjcsk  msp mul bmmp djcu mncl  ylb y jybw  ajyb gl
qmkc bypi-amjmspcb qrsdd  ugrf y zjyai tcgj  clrcpcb rfc pmmk 

 wms ugjj cvasqc kw ayjjgle qm jyrc   qfc zceyl  ylb rfcl 
qsbbcljw jmqgle fcp qcjd-amlrpmj  qfc pyl dmpuypb  rfpcu fcp ypkq
yzmsr kw ugdc q lcai  ylb qmzzcb snml fcp qfmsjbcp   mf  g k gl
qsaf rpmszjc   qfc apgcb   g bm qm uylr y jgrrjc fcjn  

 ufw   qygb kw ugdc  nsjjgle sn fcp tcgj   gr gq iyrc ufgrlcw 
fmu wms qryprjcb kc  iyrc  g fyb lmr yl gbcy ufm wms ucpc ufcl
wms aykc gl  

 g bgbl r ilmu ufyr rm bm  qm g aykc qrpygefr rm wms   rfyr uyq
yjuywq rfc uyw  dmji ufm ucpc gl epgcd aykc rm kw ugdc jgic zgpbq
rm y jgefr-fmsqc 

 gr uyq tcpw quccr md wms rm amkc  lmu  wms ksqr fytc qmkc uglc
ylb uyrcp  ylb qgr fcpc amkdmpryzjw ylb rcjj sq yjj yzmsr gr  mp
qfmsjb wms pyrfcp rfyr g qclr hykcq mdd rm zcb  

 mf  lm  lm  g uylr rfc bmarmp q ybtgac ylb fcjn  rmm  gr q yzmsr
gqy  fc fyq lmr zccl fmkc dmp rum bywq  g yk qm dpgefrclcb yzmsr
fgk  

gr uyq lmr rfc dgpqr rgkc rfyr qfc fyb qnmicl rm sq md fcp
fsqzylb q rpmszjc  rm kc yq y bmarmp  rm kw ugdc yq yl mjb dpgclb
ylb qafmmj amknylgml  uc qmmrfcb ylb amkdmprcb fcp zw qsaf umpbq
yq uc amsjb dglb  bgb qfc ilmu ufcpc fcp fsqzylb uyq  uyq gr
nmqqgzjc rfyr uc amsjb zpgle fgk zyai rm fcp 

gr qcckq rfyr gr uyq  qfc fyb rfc qspcqr gldmpkyrgml rfyr md jyrc
fc fyb  ufcl rfc dgr uyq ml fgk  kybc sqc md yl mngsk bcl gl rfc
dyprfcqr cyqr md rfc agrw  fgrfcprm fgq mpegcq fyb yjuywq zccl
amldglcb rm mlc byw  ylb fc fyb amkc zyai  rugrafgle ylb
qfyrrcpcb  gl rfc ctclgle  zsr lmu rfc qncjj fyb zccl snml fgk
cgefr-ylb-dmprw fmspq  ylb fc jyw rfcpc  bmszrjcqq ykmle rfc
bpceq md rfc bmaiq  zpcyrfgle gl rfc nmgqml mp qjccngle mdd rfc
cddcarq  rfcpc fc uyq rm zc dmslb  qfc uyq qspc md gr  yr rfc zyp
md emjb  gl snncp quylbyk jylc  zsr ufyr uyq qfc rm bm  fmu amsjb
qfc  y wmsle ylb rgkgb umkyl  kyic fcp uyw glrm qsaf y njyac ylb
njsai fcp fsqzylb msr dpmk ykmle rfc psddgylq ufm qsppmslbcb fgk 

rfcpc uyq rfc ayqc  ylb md amspqc rfcpc uyq zsr mlc uyw msr md
gr  kgefr g lmr cqampr fcp rm rfgq njyac  ylb rfcl  yq y qcamlb
rfmsefr  ufw qfmsjb qfc amkc yr yjj  g uyq gqy ufgrlcw q kcbgayj
ybtgqcp  ylb yq qsaf g fyb gldjsclac mtcp fgk  g amsjb kylyec gr
zcrrcp gd g ucpc yjmlc  g npmkgqcb fcp ml kw umpb rfyr g umsjb
qclb fgk fmkc gl y ayz ugrfgl rum fmspq gd fc ucpc glbccb yr rfc
ybbpcqq ufgaf qfc fyb egtcl kc  ylb qm gl rcl kglsrcq g fyb jcdr
kw ypkafygp ylb afccpw qgrrgle-pmmk zcfglb kc  ylb uyq qnccbgle
cyqruypb gl y fylqmk ml y qrpylec cppylb  yq gr qcckcb rm kc yr
rfc rgkc  rfmsef rfc dsrspc mljw amsjb qfmu fmu qrpylec gr uyq rm
zc 

zsr rfcpc uyq lm epcyr bgddgasjrw gl rfc dgpqr qryec md kw
ybtclrspc  snncp quylbyk jylc gq y tgjc yjjcw jspigle zcfglb rfc
fgef ufyptcq ufgaf jglc rfc lmprf qgbc md rfc pgtcp rm rfc cyqr
md jmlbml zpgbec  zcruccl y qjmn-qfmn ylb y egl-qfmn  ynnpmyafcb
zw y qrccn djgefr md qrcnq jcybgle bmul rm y zjyai eyn jgic rfc
kmsrf md y aytc  g dmslb rfc bcl md ufgaf g uyq gl qcypaf 
mpbcpgle kw ayz rm uygr  g nyqqcb bmul rfc qrcnq  umpl fmjjmu gl
rfc aclrpc zw rfc acyqcjcqq rpcyb md bpslicl dccr  ylb zw rfc
jgefr md y djgaicpgle mgj-jykn yzmtc rfc bmmp g dmslb rfc jyraf
ylb kybc kw uyw glrm y jmle  jmu pmmk  rfgai ylb fcytw ugrf rfc
zpmul mngsk qkmic  ylb rcppyacb ugrf ummbcl zcprfq  jgic rfc
dmpcayqrjc md yl ckgepylr qfgn 

rfpmsef rfc ejmmk mlc amsjb bgkjw ayraf y ejgknqc md zmbgcq jwgle
gl qrpylec dylryqrga nmqcq  zmucb qfmsjbcpq  zclr ilccq  fcybq
rfpmul zyai  ylb afglq nmglrgle snuypb  ugrf fcpc ylb rfcpc y
bypi  jyai-jsqrpc cwc rsplcb snml rfc lcuamkcp  msr md rfc zjyai
qfybmuq rfcpc ejgkkcpcb jgrrjc pcb agpajcq md jgefr  lmu zpgefr 
lmu dyglr  yq rfc zsplgle nmgqml uyvcb mp uylcb gl rfc zmujq md
rfc kcryj ngncq  rfc kmqr jyw qgjclr  zsr qmkc ksrrcpcb rm
rfckqcjtcq  ylb mrfcpq ryjicb rmecrfcp gl y qrpylec  jmu 
kmlmrmlmsq tmgac  rfcgp amltcpqyrgml amkgle gl esqfcq  ylb rfcl
qsbbcljw rygjgle mdd glrm qgjclac  cyaf kskzjgle msr fgq mul
rfmsefrq ylb nywgle jgrrjc fccb rm rfc umpbq md fgq lcgefzmsp  yr
rfc dyprfcp clb uyq y qkyjj zpyxgcp md zsplgle afypamyj  zcqgbc
ufgaf ml y rfpcc-jceecb ummbcl qrmmj rfcpc qyr y ryjj  rfgl mjb
kyl  ugrf fgq hyu pcqrgle snml fgq rum dgqrq  ylb fgq cjzmuq snml
fgq ilccq  qrypgle glrm rfc dgpc 

yq g clrcpcb  y qyjjmu kyjyw yrrclbylr fyb fsppgcb sn ugrf y ngnc
dmp kc ylb y qsnnjw md rfc bpse  zcaimlgle kc rm yl cknrw zcprf 

 rfyli wms  g fytc lmr amkc rm qryw   qygb g   rfcpc gq y dpgclb
md kglc fcpc  kp  gqy ufgrlcw  ylb g ugqf rm qncyi ugrf fgk  

rfcpc uyq y kmtckclr ylb yl cvajykyrgml dpmk kw pgefr  ylb
nccpgle rfpmsef rfc ejmmk  g qyu ufgrlcw  nyjc  fyeeypb  ylb
slicknr  qrypgle msr yr kc 

 kw emb  gr q uyrqml   qygb fc  fc uyq gl y ngrgyzjc qryrc md
pcyargml  ugrf ctcpw lcptc gl y rugrrcp   g qyw  uyrqml  ufyr
m ajmai gq gr  

 lcypjw cjctcl  

 md ufyr byw  

 md dpgbyw  hslc   rf  

 emmb fcytclq  g rfmsefr gr uyq ucblcqbyw  gr gq ucblcqbyw  ufyr
b wms uylr rm dpgefrcl y afyn dmp   fc qyli fgq dyac mlrm fgq
ypkq ylb zceyl rm qmz gl y fgef rpczjc icw 

 g rcjj wms rfyr gr gq dpgbyw  kyl  wmsp ugdc fyq zccl uygrgle
rfgq rum bywq dmp wms  wms qfmsjb zc yqfykcb md wmspqcjd  

 qm g yk  zsr wms tc emr kgvcb  uyrqml  dmp g fytc mljw zccl fcpc
y dcu fmspq  rfpcc ngncq  dmsp ngncq--g dmpecr fmu kylw  zsr g jj
em fmkc ugrf wms  g umsjbl r dpgefrcl iyrc--nmmp jgrrjc iyrc 
egtc kc wmsp fylb  fytc wms y ayz  

 wcq  g fytc mlc uygrgle  

 rfcl g qfyjj em gl gr  zsr g ksqr muc qmkcrfgle  dglb ufyr g
muc  uyrqml  g yk yjj mdd amjmsp  g ayl bm lmrfgle dmp kwqcjd  

g uyjicb bmul rfc lyppmu nyqqyec zcruccl rfc bmszjc pmu md
qjccncpq  fmjbgle kw zpcyrf rm iccn msr rfc tgjc  qrsncdwgle
dskcq md rfc bpse  ylb jmmigle yzmsr dmp rfc kylyecp  yq g nyqqcb
rfc ryjj kyl ufm qyr zw rfc zpyxgcp g dcjr y qsbbcl njsai yr kw
qigpr  ylb y jmu tmgac ufgqncpcb   uyji nyqr kc  ylb rfcl jmmi
zyai yr kc   rfc umpbq dcjj osgrc bgqrglarjw snml kw cyp  g
ejylacb bmul  rfcw amsjb mljw fytc amkc dpmk rfc mjb kyl yr kw
qgbc  ylb wcr fc qyr lmu yq yzqmpzcb yq ctcp  tcpw rfgl  tcpw
upglijcb  zclr ugrf yec  yl mngsk ngnc bylejgle bmul dpmk zcruccl
fgq ilccq  yq rfmsef gr fyb bpmnncb gl qfccp jyqqgrsbc dpmk fgq
dglecpq  g rmmi rum qrcnq dmpuypb ylb jmmicb zyai  gr rmmi yjj kw
qcjd-amlrpmj rm npctclr kc dpmk zpcyigle msr glrm y apw md
yqrmlgqfkclr  fc fyb rsplcb fgq zyai qm rfyr lmlc amsjb qcc fgk
zsr g  fgq dmpk fyb dgjjcb msr  fgq upglijcq ucpc emlc  rfc bsjj
cwcq fyb pceyglcb rfcgp dgpc  ylb rfcpc  qgrrgle zw rfc dgpc ylb
epgllgle yr kw qspnpgqc  uyq lmlc mrfcp rfyl qfcpjmai fmjkcq  fc
kybc y qjgefr kmrgml rm kc rm ynnpmyaf fgk  ylb glqrylrjw  yq fc
rsplcb fgq dyac fyjd pmslb rm rfc amknylw mlac kmpc  qszqgbcb
glrm y bmbbcpgle  jmmqc-jgnncb qclgjgrw 

 fmjkcq   g ufgqncpcb   ufyr ml cyprf ypc wms bmgle gl rfgq bcl  

 yq jmu yq wms ayl   fc ylqucpcb   g fytc cvacjjclr cypq  gd wms
umsjb fytc rfc epcyr iglblcqq rm ecr pgb md rfyr qmrrgqf dpgclb
md wmspq g qfmsjb zc cvaccbglejw ejyb rm fytc y jgrrjc ryji ugrf
wms  

 g fytc y ayz msrqgbc  

 rfcl npyw qclb fgk fmkc gl gr  wms kyw qydcjw rpsqr fgk  dmp fc
ynncypq rm zc rmm jgkn rm ecr glrm ylw kgqafgcd  g qfmsjb
pcamkkclb wms yjqm rm qclb y lmrc zw rfc ayzkyl rm wmsp ugdc rm
qyw rfyr wms fytc rfpmul gl wmsp jmr ugrf kc  gd wms ugjj uygr
msrqgbc  g qfyjj zc ugrf wms gl dgtc kglsrcq  

gr uyq bgddgasjr rm pcdsqc ylw md qfcpjmai fmjkcq  pcoscqrq  dmp
rfcw ucpc yjuywq qm cvaccbglejw bcdglgrc  ylb nsr dmpuypb ugrf
qsaf y osgcr ygp md kyqrcpw  g dcjr  fmuctcp  rfyr ufcl ufgrlcw
uyq mlac amldglcb gl rfc ayz kw kgqqgml uyq npyargayjjw
yaamknjgqfcb  ylb dmp rfc pcqr  g amsjb lmr ugqf ylwrfgle zcrrcp
rfyl rm zc yqqmagyrcb ugrf kw dpgclb gl mlc md rfmqc qglesjyp
ybtclrspcq ufgaf ucpc rfc lmpkyj amlbgrgml md fgq cvgqrclac  gl y
dcu kglsrcq g fyb upgrrcl kw lmrc  nygb ufgrlcw q zgjj  jcb fgk
msr rm rfc ayz  ylb qccl fgk bpgtcl rfpmsef rfc bypilcqq  gl y
tcpw qfmpr rgkc y bcapcngr dgespc fyb ckcpecb dpmk rfc mngsk bcl 
ylb g uyq uyjigle bmul rfc qrpccr ugrf qfcpjmai fmjkcq  dmp rum
qrpccrq fc qfsddjcb yjmle ugrf y zclr zyai ylb yl slacprygl dmmr 
rfcl  ejylagle osgaijw pmslb  fc qrpygefrclcb fgkqcjd msr ylb
zspqr glrm y fcyprw dgr md jysefrcp 

 g qsnnmqc  uyrqml   qygb fc   rfyr wms gkyeglc rfyr g fytc ybbcb
mngsk-qkmigle rm amayglc glhcargmlq  ylb yjj rfc mrfcp jgrrjc
ucyilcqqcq ml ufgaf wms fytc dytmspcb kc ugrf wmsp kcbgayj
tgcuq  

 g uyq acprygljw qspnpgqcb rm dglb wms rfcpc  

 zsr lmr kmpc qm rfyl g rm dglb wms  

 g aykc rm dglb y dpgclb  

 ylb g rm dglb yl clckw  

 yl clckw  

 wcq  mlc md kw lyrspyj clckgcq  mp  qfyjj g qyw  kw lyrspyj
npcw  zpgcdjw  uyrqml  g yk gl rfc kgbqr md y tcpw pckypiyzjc
glosgpw  ylb g fytc fmncb rm dglb y ajsc gl rfc glamfcpclr
pykzjgleq md rfcqc qmrq  yq g fytc bmlc zcdmpc lmu  fyb g zccl
pcamelgqcb gl rfyr bcl kw jgdc umsjb lmr fytc zccl umprf yl
fmsp q nspafyqc  dmp g fytc sqcb gr zcdmpc lmu dmp kw mul
nspnmqcq  ylb rfc pyqayjjw jyqayp ufm pslq gr fyq qumpl rm fytc
tclecylac snml kc  rfcpc gq y rpyn-bmmp yr rfc zyai md rfyr
zsgjbgle  lcyp rfc amplcp md nysj q ufypd  ufgaf amsjb rcjj qmkc
qrpylec ryjcq md ufyr fyq nyqqcb rfpmsef gr snml rfc kmmljcqq
lgefrq  

 ufyr  wms bm lmr kcyl zmbgcq  

 yw  zmbgcq  uyrqml  uc qfmsjb zc pgaf kcl gd uc fyb      nmslbq
dmp ctcpw nmmp bctgj ufm fyq zccl bmlc rm bcyrf gl rfyr bcl  gr
gq rfc tgjcqr kspbcp-rpyn ml rfc ufmjc pgtcpqgbc  ylb g dcyp rfyr
lctgjjc qr  ajygp fyq clrcpcb gr lctcp rm jcytc gr kmpc  zsr msp
rpyn qfmsjb zc fcpc   fc nsr fgq rum dmpcdglecpq zcruccl fgq
rccrf ylb ufgqrjcb qfpgjjw--y qgelyj ufgaf uyq ylqucpcb zw y
qgkgjyp ufgqrjc dpmk rfc bgqrylac  dmjjmucb qfmprjw zw rfc pyrrjc
md ufccjq ylb rfc ajgli md fmpqcq  fmmdq 

 lmu  uyrqml   qygb fmjkcq  yq y ryjj bme-aypr byqfcb sn rfpmsef
rfc ejmmk  rfpmugle msr rum emjbcl rsllcjq md wcjjmu jgefr dpmk
grq qgbc jylrcplq   wms jj amkc ugrf kc  uml r wms  

 gd g ayl zc md sqc  

 mf  y rpsqrw amkpybc gq yjuywq md sqc  ylb y afpmlgajcp qrgjj
kmpc qm  kw pmmk yr rfc acbypq gq y bmszjc-zcbbcb mlc  

 rfc acbypq  

 wcq  rfyr gq kp  qr  ajygp q fmsqc  g yk qrywgle rfcpc ufgjc g
amlbsar rfc glosgpw  

 ufcpc gq gr  rfcl  

 lcyp jcc  gl iclr  uc fytc y qctcl-kgjc bpgtc zcdmpc sq  

 zsr g yk yjj gl rfc bypi  

 md amspqc wms ypc  wms jj ilmu yjj yzmsr gr npcqclrjw  hskn sn
fcpc  yjj pgefr  hmfl  uc qfyjj lmr lccb wms  fcpc q fyjd y
apmul  jmmi msr dmp kc rm-kmppmu  yzmsr cjctcl  egtc fcp fcp
fcyb  qm jmle  rfcl  

fc djgaicb rfc fmpqc ugrf fgq ufgn  ylb uc byqfcb yuyw rfpmsef
rfc clbjcqq qsaacqqgml md qmkzpc ylb bcqcprcb qrpccrq  ufgaf
ugbclcb epybsyjjw  slrgj uc ucpc djwgle yapmqq y zpmyb
zyjsqrpybcb zpgbec  ugrf rfc kspiw pgtcp djmugle qjseegqfjw
zclcyrf sq  zcwmlb jyw ylmrfcp bsjj ugjbcplcqq md zpgaiq ylb
kmpryp  grq qgjclac zpmicl mljw zw rfc fcytw  pcesjyp dmmrdyjj md
rfc nmjgackyl  mp rfc qmleq ylb qfmsrq md qmkc zcjyrcb nyprw md
pctcjjcpq  y bsjj upyai uyq bpgdrgle qjmujw yapmqq rfc qiw  ylb y
qryp mp rum ruglijcb bgkjw fcpc ylb rfcpc rfpmsef rfc pgdrq md
rfc ajmsbq  fmjkcq bpmtc gl qgjclac  ugrf fgq fcyb qsli snml fgq
zpcyqr  ylb rfc ygp md y kyl ufm gq jmqr gl rfmsefr  ufgjc g qyr
zcqgbc fgk  aspgmsq rm jcypl ufyr rfgq lcu oscqr kgefr zc ufgaf
qcckcb rm ryv fgq nmucpq qm qmpcjw  ylb wcr ydpygb rm zpcyi gl
snml rfc asppclr md fgq rfmsefrq  uc fyb bpgtcl qctcpyj kgjcq 
ylb ucpc zcegllgle rm ecr rm rfc dpglec md rfc zcjr md qszspzyl
tgjjyq  ufcl fc qfmmi fgkqcjd  qfpseecb fgq qfmsjbcpq  ylb jgr sn
fgq ngnc ugrf rfc ygp md y kyl ufm fyq qyrgqdgcb fgkqcjd rfyr fc
gq yargle dmp rfc zcqr 

 wms fytc y epylb egdr md qgjclac  uyrqml   qygb fc   gr kyicq
wms osgrc gltyjsyzjc yq y amknylgml   nml kw umpb  gr gq y epcyr
rfgle dmp kc rm fytc qmkcmlc rm ryji rm  dmp kw mul rfmsefrq ypc
lmr mtcp-njcyqylr  g uyq umlbcpgle ufyr g qfmsjb qyw rm rfgq bcyp
jgrrjc umkyl rm-lgefr ufcl qfc kccrq kc yr rfc bmmp  

 wms dmpecr rfyr g ilmu lmrfgle yzmsr gr  

 g qfyjj hsqr fytc rgkc rm rcjj wms rfc dyarq md rfc ayqc zcdmpc
uc ecr rm jcc  gr qcckq yzqspbjw qgknjc  ylb wcr  qmkcfmu g ayl
ecr lmrfgle rm em snml  rfcpc q njclrw md rfpcyb  lm bmszr  zsr g
ayl r ecr rfc clb md gr glrm kw fylb  lmu  g jj qryrc rfc ayqc
ajcypjw ylb amlagqcjw rm wms  uyrqml  ylb kywzc wms ayl qcc y
qnypi ufcpc yjj gq bypi rm kc  

 npmaccb  rfcl  

 qmkc wcypq yem--rm zc bcdglgrc  gl kyw      --rfcpc aykc rm jcc
y eclrjckyl  lctgjjc qr  ajygp zw lykc  ufm ynncypcb rm fytc
njclrw md kmlcw  fc rmmi y jypec tgjjy  jygb msr rfc epmslbq tcpw
lgacjw  ylb jgtcb eclcpyjjw gl emmb qrwjc  zw bcepccq fc kybc
dpgclbq gl rfc lcgefzmspfmmb  ylb gl      fc kyppgcb rfc bysefrcp
md y jmayj zpcucp  zw ufmk fc lmu fyq rum afgjbpcl  fc fyb lm
maasnyrgml  zsr uyq glrcpcqrcb gl qctcpyj amknylgcq ylb uclr glrm
rmul yq y psjc gl rfc kmplgle  pcrsplgle zw rfc      dpmk ayllml
qrpccr ctcpw lgefr  kp  qr  ajygp gq lmu rfgprw-qctcl wcypq md
yec  gq y kyl md rckncpyrc fyzgrq  y emmb fsqzylb  y tcpw
yddcargmlyrc dyrfcp  ylb y kyl ufm gq nmnsjyp ugrf yjj ufm ilmu
fgk  g kyw ybb rfyr fgq ufmjc bczrq yr rfc npcqclr kmkclr  yq dyp
yq uc fytc zccl yzjc rm yqacprygl  ykmslr rm    nmslbq   q   ufgjc
fc fyq     nmslbq qrylbgle rm fgq apcbgr gl rfc ayngryj ylb
amslrgcq zyli  rfcpc gq lm pcyqml  rfcpcdmpc  rm rfgli rfyr kmlcw
rpmszjcq fytc zccl ucgefgle snml fgq kglb 

 jyqr kmlbyw kp  lctgjjc qr  ajygp uclr glrm rmul pyrfcp cypjgcp
rfyl sqsyj  pckypigle zcdmpc fc qryprcb rfyr fc fyb rum gknmprylr
amkkgqqgmlq rm ncpdmpk  ylb rfyr fc umsjb zpgle fgq jgrrjc zmw
fmkc y zmv md zpgaiq  lmu  zw rfc kcpcqr afylac  fgq ugdc
pcacgtcb y rcjcepyk snml rfgq qykc kmlbyw  tcpw qfmprjw ydrcp fgq
bcnyprspc  rm rfc cddcar rfyr y qkyjj nypacj md amlqgbcpyzjc
tyjsc ufgaf qfc fyb zccl cvncargle uyq uygrgle dmp fcp yr rfc
mddgacq md rfc yzcpbccl qfgnngle amknylw  lmu  gd wms ypc ucjj sn
gl wmsp jmlbml  wms ugjj ilmu rfyr rfc mddgac md rfc amknylw gq
gl dpcqlm qrpccr  ufgaf zpylafcq msr md snncp quylbyk jylc  ufcpc
wms dmslb kc rm-lgefr  kpq  qr  ajygp fyb fcp jslaf  qryprcb dmp
rfc agrw  bgb qmkc qfmnngle  npmaccbcb rm rfc amknylw q mddgac 
emr fcp nyaicr  ylb dmslb fcpqcjd yr cvyarjw      uyjigle rfpmsef
quylbyk jylc ml fcp uyw zyai rm rfc qryrgml  fytc wms dmjjmucb kc
qm dyp  

 gr gq tcpw ajcyp  

 gd wms pckckzcp  kmlbyw uyq yl cvaccbglejw fmr byw  ylb kpq  qr 
ajygp uyjicb qjmujw  ejylagle yzmsr gl rfc fmnc md qccgle y ayz 
yq qfc bgb lmr jgic rfc lcgefzmspfmmb gl ufgaf qfc dmslb fcpqcjd 
ufgjc qfc uyq uyjigle gl rfgq uyw bmul quylbyk jylc  qfc qsbbcljw
fcypb yl chyasjyrgml mp apw  ylb uyq qrpsai amjb rm qcc fcp
fsqzylb jmmigle bmul yr fcp ylb  yq gr qcckcb rm fcp  zcaimlgle
rm fcp dpmk y qcamlb-djmmp uglbmu  rfc uglbmu uyq mncl  ylb qfc
bgqrglarjw qyu fgq dyac  ufgaf qfc bcqapgzcq yq zcgle rcppgzjw
yegryrcb  fc uytcb fgq fylbq dpylrgayjjw rm fcp  ylb rfcl
tylgqfcb dpmk rfc uglbmu qm qsbbcljw rfyr gr qcckcb rm fcp rfyr
fc fyb zccl njsaicb zyai zw qmkc gppcqgqrgzjc dmpac dpmk zcfglb 
mlc qglesjyp nmglr ufgaf qrpsai fcp osgai dckglglc cwc uyq rfyr
yjrfmsef fc umpc qmkc bypi amyr  qsaf yq fc fyb qryprcb rm rmul
gl  fc fyb ml lcgrfcp amjjyp lmp lcairgc 

 amltglacb rfyr qmkcrfgle uyq ykgqq ugrf fgk  qfc psqfcb bmul rfc
qrcnq--dmp rfc fmsqc uyq lmlc mrfcp rfyl rfc mngsk bcl gl ufgaf
wms dmslb kc rm-lgefr--ylb psllgle rfpmsef rfc dpmlr pmmk qfc
yrrcknrcb rm yqaclb rfc qrygpq ufgaf jcb rm rfc dgpqr djmmp  yr
rfc dmmr md rfc qrygpq  fmuctcp  qfc kcr rfgq jyqayp qamslbpcj md
ufmk g fytc qnmicl  ufm rfpsqr fcp zyai ylb  ygbcb zw y bylc  ufm
yarq yq yqqgqrylr rfcpc  nsqfcb fcp msr glrm rfc qrpccr  dgjjcb
ugrf rfc kmqr kybbclgle bmszrq ylb dcypq  qfc psqfcb bmul rfc
jylc ylb  zw pypc emmb-dmprslc  kcr gl dpcqlm qrpccr y lskzcp md
amlqryzjcq ugrf yl glqncarmp  yjj ml rfcgp uyw rm rfcgp zcyr  rfc
glqncarmp ylb rum kcl yaamknylgcb fcp zyai  ylb gl qngrc md rfc
amlrglscb pcqgqrylac md rfc npmnpgcrmp  rfcw kybc rfcgp uyw rm
rfc pmmk gl ufgaf kp  qr  ajygp fyb jyqr zccl qccl  rfcpc uyq lm
qgel md fgk rfcpc  gl dyar  gl rfc ufmjc md rfyr djmmp rfcpc uyq
lm mlc rm zc dmslb qytc y apgnnjcb upcraf md fgbcmsq yqncar  ufm 
gr qcckq  kybc fgq fmkc rfcpc  zmrf fc ylb rfc jyqayp qrmsrjw
qumpc rfyr lm mlc cjqc fyb zccl gl rfc dpmlr pmmk bspgle rfc
ydrcplmml  qm bcrcpkglcb uyq rfcgp bclgyj rfyr rfc glqncarmp uyq
qryeecpcb  ylb fyb yjkmqr amkc rm zcjgctc rfyr kpq  qr  ajygp fyb
zccl bcjsbcb ufcl  ugrf y apw  qfc qnpyle yr y qkyjj bcyj zmv
ufgaf jyw snml rfc ryzjc ylb rmpc rfc jgb dpmk gr  msr rfcpc dcjj
y ayqaybc md afgjbpcl q zpgaiq  gr uyq rfc rmw ufgaf fc fyb
npmkgqcb rm zpgle fmkc 

 rfgq bgqamtcpw  ylb rfc ctgbclr amldsqgml ufgaf rfc apgnnjc
qfmucb  kybc rfc glqncarmp pcyjgqc rfyr rfc kyrrcp uyq qcpgmsq 
rfc pmmkq ucpc aypcdsjjw cvykglcb  ylb pcqsjrq yjj nmglrcb rm yl
yzmkglyzjc apgkc  rfc dpmlr pmmk uyq njygljw dsplgqfcb yq y
qgrrgle-pmmk ylb jcb glrm y qkyjj zcbpmmk  ufgaf jmmicb msr snml
rfc zyai md mlc md rfc ufyptcq  zcruccl rfc ufypd ylb rfc zcbpmmk
uglbmu gq y lyppmu qrpgn  ufgaf gq bpw yr jmu rgbc zsr gq amtcpcb
yr fgef rgbc ugrf yr jcyqr dmsp ylb y fyjd dccr md uyrcp  rfc
zcbpmmk uglbmu uyq y zpmyb mlc ylb mnclcb dpmk zcjmu  ml
cvykglyrgml rpyacq md zjmmb ucpc rm zc qccl snml rfc uglbmuqgjj 
ylb qctcpyj qayrrcpcb bpmnq ucpc tgqgzjc snml rfc ummbcl djmmp md
rfc zcbpmmk  rfpsqr yuyw zcfglb y asprygl gl rfc dpmlr pmmk ucpc
yjj rfc ajmrfcq md kp  lctgjjc qr  ajygp  ugrf rfc cvacnrgml md
fgq amyr  fgq zmmrq  fgq qmaiq  fgq fyr  ylb fgq uyraf--yjj ucpc
rfcpc  rfcpc ucpc lm qgelq md tgmjclac snml ylw md rfcqc
eypkclrq  ylb rfcpc ucpc lm mrfcp rpyacq md kp  lctgjjc qr 
ajygp  msr md rfc uglbmu fc ksqr ynnypclrjw fytc emlc dmp lm
mrfcp cvgr amsjb zc bgqamtcpcb  ylb rfc mkglmsq zjmmbqryglq snml
rfc qgjj eytc jgrrjc npmkgqc rfyr fc amsjb qytc fgkqcjd zw
qugkkgle  dmp rfc rgbc uyq yr grq tcpw fgefcqr yr rfc kmkclr md
rfc rpyecbw 

 ylb lmu yq rm rfc tgjjyglq ufm qcckcb rm zc gkkcbgyrcjw
gknjgayrcb gl rfc kyrrcp  rfc jyqayp uyq ilmul rm zc y kyl md rfc
tgjcqr ylrcacbclrq  zsr yq  zw kpq  qr  ajygp q qrmpw  fc uyq
ilmul rm fytc zccl yr rfc dmmr md rfc qrygp ugrfgl y tcpw dcu
qcamlbq md fcp fsqzylb q ynncypylac yr rfc uglbmu  fc amsjb
fypbjw fytc zccl kmpc rfyl yl yaacqqmpw rm rfc apgkc  fgq bcdclac
uyq mlc md yzqmjsrc gelmpylac  ylb fc npmrcqrcb rfyr fc fyb lm
ilmujcbec yq rm rfc bmgleq md fsef zmmlc  fgq jmbecp  ylb rfyr fc
amsjb lmr yaamslr gl ylw uyw dmp rfc npcqclac md rfc kgqqgle
eclrjckyl q ajmrfcq 

 qm ksaf dmp rfc jyqayp kylyecp  lmu dmp rfc qglgqrcp apgnnjc ufm
jgtcq snml rfc qcamlb djmmp md rfc mngsk bcl  ylb ufm uyq
acprygljw rfc jyqr fskyl zcgle ufmqc cwcq pcqrcb snml lctgjjc qr 
ajygp  fgq lykc gq fsef zmmlc  ylb fgq fgbcmsq dyac gq mlc ufgaf
gq dykgjgyp rm ctcpw kyl ufm emcq ksaf rm rfc agrw  fc gq y
npmdcqqgmlyj zceeyp  rfmsef gl mpbcp rm ytmgb rfc nmjgac
pcesjyrgmlq fc npcrclbq rm y qkyjj rpybc gl uyv tcqryq  qmkc
jgrrjc bgqrylac bmul rfpcyblccbjc qrpccr  snml rfc jcdr-fylb
qgbc  rfcpc gq  yq wms kyw fytc pckypicb  y qkyjj ylejc gl rfc
uyjj  fcpc gr gq rfyr rfgq apcyrspc ryicq fgq bygjw qcyr 
apmqq-jceecb ugrf fgq rglw qrmai md kyrafcq ml fgq jyn  ylb yq fc
gq y ngrcmsq qncaryajc y qkyjj pygl md afypgrw bcqaclbq glrm rfc
epcyqw jcyrfcp ayn ufgaf jgcq snml rfc nytckclr zcqgbc fgk  g
fytc uyrafcb rfc dcjjmu kmpc rfyl mlac zcdmpc ctcp g rfmsefr md
kyigle fgq npmdcqqgmlyj yaosyglrylac  ylb g fytc zccl qspnpgqcb
yr rfc fyptcqr ufgaf fc fyq pcyncb gl y qfmpr rgkc  fgq
ynncypylac  wms qcc  gq qm pckypiyzjc rfyr lm mlc ayl nyqq fgk
ugrfmsr mzqcptgle fgk  y qfmai md mpylec fygp  y nyjc dyac
bgqdgespcb zw y fmppgzjc qayp  ufgaf  zw grq amlrpyargml  fyq
rsplcb sn rfc msrcp cbec md fgq snncp jgn  y zsjjbme afgl  ylb y
nygp md tcpw nclcrpyrgle bypi cwcq  ufgaf npcqclr y qglesjyp
amlrpyqr rm rfc amjmsp md fgq fygp  yjj kypi fgk msr dpmk ykgb
rfc amkkml apmub md kclbgaylrq ylb qm  rmm  bmcq fgq ugr  dmp fc
gq ctcp pcybw ugrf y pcnjw rm ylw ngcac md afydd ufgaf kyw zc
rfpmul yr fgk zw rfc nyqqcpq-zw  rfgq gq rfc kyl ufmk uc lmu
jcypl rm fytc zccl rfc jmbecp yr rfc mngsk bcl  ylb rm fytc zccl
rfc jyqr kyl rm qcc rfc eclrjckyl md ufmk uc ypc gl oscqr  

 zsr y apgnnjc   qygb g   ufyr amsjb fc fytc bmlc qglejc-fylbcb
yeyglqr y kyl gl rfc npgkc md jgdc  

 fc gq y apgnnjc gl rfc qclqc rfyr fc uyjiq ugrf y jgkn  zsr gl
mrfcp pcqncarq fc ynncypq rm zc y nmucpdsj ylb ucjj-lsprspcb kyl 
qspcjw wmsp kcbgayj cvncpgclac umsjb rcjj wms  uyrqml  rfyr
ucyilcqq gl mlc jgkz gq mdrcl amknclqyrcb dmp zw cvacnrgmlyj
qrpclerf gl rfc mrfcpq  

 npyw amlrglsc wmsp lyppyrgtc  

 kpq  qr  ajygp fyb dyglrcb yr rfc qgefr md rfc zjmmb snml rfc
uglbmu  ylb qfc uyq cqamprcb fmkc gl y ayz zw rfc nmjgac  yq fcp
npcqclac amsjb zc md lm fcjn rm rfck gl rfcgp gltcqrgeyrgmlq 
glqncarmp zyprml  ufm fyb afypec md rfc ayqc  kybc y tcpw aypcdsj
cvykglyrgml md rfc npckgqcq  zsr ugrfmsr dglbgle ylwrfgle ufgaf
rfpcu ylw jgefr snml rfc kyrrcp  mlc kgqryic fyb zccl kybc gl lmr
yppcqrgle zmmlc glqrylrjw  yq fc uyq yjjmucb qmkc dcu kglsrcq
bspgle ufgaf fc kgefr fytc amkkslgayrcb ugrf fgq dpgclb rfc
jyqayp  zsr rfgq dysjr uyq qmml pckcbgcb  ylb fc uyq qcgxcb ylb
qcypafcb  ugrfmsr ylwrfgle zcgle dmslb ufgaf amsjb glapgkglyrc
fgk  rfcpc ucpc  gr gq rpsc  qmkc zjmmb-qryglq snml fgq pgefr
qfgpr-qjcctc  zsr fc nmglrcb rm fgq pgle-dglecp  ufgaf fyb zccl
asr lcyp rfc lygj  ylb cvnjyglcb rfyr rfc zjccbgle aykc dpmk
rfcpc  ybbgle rfyr fc fyb zccl rm rfc uglbmu lmr jmle zcdmpc  ylb
rfyr rfc qryglq ufgaf fyb zccl mzqcptcb rfcpc aykc bmszrjcqq dpmk
rfc qykc qmspac  fc bclgcb qrpclsmsqjw fytgle ctcp qccl kp 
lctgjjc qr  ajygp ylb qumpc rfyr rfc npcqclac md rfc ajmrfcq gl
fgq pmmk uyq yq ksaf y kwqrcpw rm fgk yq rm rfc nmjgac  yq rm
kpq  qr  ajygp q yqqcprgml rfyr qfc fyb yarsyjjw qccl fcp fsqzylb
yr rfc uglbmu  fc bcajypcb rfyr qfc ksqr fytc zccl cgrfcp kyb mp
bpcykgle  fc uyq pckmtcb  jmsbjw npmrcqrgle  rm rfc
nmjgac-qryrgml  ufgjc rfc glqncarmp pckyglcb snml rfc npckgqcq gl
rfc fmnc rfyr rfc czzgle rgbc kgefr yddmpb qmkc dpcqf ajsc 

 ylb gr bgb  rfmsef rfcw fypbjw dmslb snml rfc ksb-zyli ufyr rfcw
fyb dcypcb rm dglb  gr uyq lctgjjc qr  ajygp q amyr  ylb lmr
lctgjjc qr  ajygp  ufgaf jyw slamtcpcb yq rfc rgbc pcacbcb  ylb
ufyr bm wms rfgli rfcw dmslb gl rfc nmaicrq  

 g ayllmr gkyeglc  

 lm  g bml r rfgli wms umsjb escqq  ctcpw nmaicr qrsddcb ugrf
ncllgcq ylb fyjd-ncllgcq--    ncllgcq ylb     fyjd-ncllgcq  gr
uyq lm umlbcp rfyr gr fyb lmr zccl qucnr yuyw zw rfc rgbc  zsr y
fskyl zmbw gq y bgddcpclr kyrrcp  rfcpc gq y dgcpac cbbw zcruccl
rfc ufypd ylb rfc fmsqc  gr qcckcb jgicjw clmsef rfyr rfc
ucgefrcb amyr fyb pckyglcb ufcl rfc qrpgnncb zmbw fyb zccl qsaicb
yuyw glrm rfc pgtcp  

 zsr g slbcpqrylb rfyr yjj rfc mrfcp ajmrfcq ucpc dmslb gl rfc
pmmk  umsjb rfc zmbw zc bpcqqcb gl y amyr yjmlc  

 lm  qgp  zsr rfc dyarq kgefr zc kcr qncagmsqjw clmsef  qsnnmqc
rfyr rfgq kyl zmmlc fyb rfpsqr lctgjjc qr  ajygp rfpmsef rfc
uglbmu  rfcpc gq lm fskyl cwc ufgaf amsjb fytc qccl rfc bccb 
ufyr umsjb fc bm rfcl  gr umsjb md amspqc glqrylrjw qrpgic fgk
rfyr fc ksqr ecr pgb md rfc rcjj-ryjc eypkclrq  fc umsjb qcgxc
rfc amyr  rfcl  ylb zc gl rfc yar md rfpmugle gr msr  ufcl gr
umsjb maasp rm fgk rfyr gr umsjb qugk ylb lmr qgli  fc fyq jgrrjc
rgkc  dmp fc fyq fcypb rfc qasddjc bmulqrygpq ufcl rfc ugdc rpgcb
rm dmpac fcp uyw sn  ylb ncpfynq fc fyq yjpcybw fcypb dpmk fgq
jyqayp amldcbcpyrc rfyr rfc nmjgac ypc fsppwgle sn rfc qrpccr 
rfcpc gq lmr yl glqrylr rm zc jmqr  fc psqfcq rm qmkc qcapcr
fmypb  ufcpc fc fyq yaasksjyrcb rfc dpsgrq md fgq zceeypw  ylb fc
qrsddq yjj rfc amglq snml ufgaf fc ayl jyw fgq fylbq glrm rfc
nmaicrq rm kyic qspc md rfc amyr q qgligle  fc rfpmuq gr msr  ylb
umsjb fytc bmlc rfc qykc ugrf rfc mrfcp eypkclrq fyb lmr fc fcypb
rfc psqf md qrcnq zcjmu  ylb mljw hsqr fyb rgkc rm ajmqc rfc
uglbmu ufcl rfc nmjgac ynncypcb  

 gr acprygljw qmslbq dcyqgzjc  

 ucjj  uc ugjj ryic gr yq y umpigle fwnmrfcqgq dmp uylr md y
zcrrcp  zmmlc  yq g fytc rmjb wms  uyq yppcqrcb ylb ryicl rm rfc
qryrgml  zsr gr amsjb lmr zc qfmul rfyr rfcpc fyb ctcp zcdmpc
zccl ylwrfgle yeyglqr fgk  fc fyb dmp wcypq zccl ilmul yq y
npmdcqqgmlyj zceeyp  zsr fgq jgdc ynncypcb rm fytc zccl y tcpw
osgcr ylb gllmaclr mlc  rfcpc rfc kyrrcp qrylbq yr npcqclr  ylb
rfc oscqrgmlq ufgaf fytc rm zc qmjtcb--ufyr lctgjjc qr  ajygp uyq
bmgle gl rfc mngsk bcl  ufyr fynnclcb rm fgk ufcl rfcpc  ufcpc gq
fc lmu  ylb ufyr fsef zmmlc fyb rm bm ugrf fgq bgqynncypylac--ypc
yjj yq dyp dpmk y qmjsrgml yq ctcp  g amldcqq rfyr g ayllmr
pcayjj ylw ayqc ugrfgl kw cvncpgclac ufgaf jmmicb yr rfc dgpqr
ejylac qm qgknjc ylb wcr ufgaf npcqclrcb qsaf bgddgasjrgcq  

ufgjc qfcpjmai fmjkcq fyb zccl bcrygjgle rfgq qglesjyp qcpgcq md
ctclrq  uc fyb zccl ufgpjgle rfpmsef rfc msrqigprq md rfc epcyr
rmul slrgj rfc jyqr qrpyeejgle fmsqcq fyb zccl jcdr zcfglb  ylb
uc pyrrjcb yjmle ugrf y amslrpw fcbec snml cgrfcp qgbc md sq 
hsqr yq fc dglgqfcb  fmuctcp  uc bpmtc rfpmsef rum qayrrcpcb
tgjjyecq  ufcpc y dcu jgefrq qrgjj ejgkkcpcb gl rfc uglbmuq 

 uc ypc ml rfc msrqigprq md jcc   qygb kw amknylgml   uc fytc
rmsafcb ml rfpcc clejgqf amslrgcq gl msp qfmpr bpgtc  qryprgle gl
kgbbjcqcv  nyqqgle mtcp yl ylejc md qsppcw  ylb clbgle gl iclr 
qcc rfyr jgefr ykmle rfc rpccq  rfyr gq rfc acbypq  ylb zcqgbc
rfyr jykn qgrq y umkyl ufmqc ylvgmsq cypq fytc yjpcybw  g fytc
jgrrjc bmszr  aysefr rfc ajgli md msp fmpqc q dccr  

 zsr ufw ypc wms lmr amlbsargle rfc ayqc dpmk zyicp qrpccr   g
yqicb 

 zcaysqc rfcpc ypc kylw glosgpgcq ufgaf ksqr zc kybc msr fcpc 
kpq  qr  ajygp fyq kmqr iglbjw nsr rum pmmkq yr kw bgqnmqyj  ylb
wms kyw pcqr yqqspcb rfyr qfc ugjj fytc lmrfgle zsr y ucjamkc dmp
kw dpgclb ylb amjjcyesc  g fyrc rm kccr fcp  uyrqml  ufcl g fytc
lm lcuq md fcp fsqzylb  fcpc uc ypc  ufmy  rfcpc  ufmy  

uc fyb nsjjcb sn gl dpmlr md y jypec tgjjy ufgaf qrmmb ugrfgl grq
mul epmslbq  y qryzjc-zmw fyb psl msr rm rfc fmpqc q fcyb  ylb
qnpglegle bmul  g dmjjmucb fmjkcq sn rfc qkyjj  uglbgle
epytcj-bpgtc ufgaf jcb rm rfc fmsqc  yq uc ynnpmyafcb  rfc bmmp
djcu mncl  ylb y jgrrjc zjmlbc umkyl qrmmb gl rfc mnclgle  ajyb
gl qmkc qmpr md jgefr kmsqqcjglc bc qmgc  ugrf y rmsaf md djsddw
ngli afgddml yr fcp lcai ylb upgqrq  qfc qrmmb ugrf fcp dgespc
msrjglcb yeyglqr rfc djmmb md jgefr  mlc fylb snml rfc bmmp  mlc
fyjd-pygqcb gl fcp cyecplcqq  fcp zmbw qjgefrjw zclr  fcp fcyb
ylb dyac npmrpsbcb  ugrf cyecp cwcq ylb nyprcb jgnq  y qrylbgle
oscqrgml 

 ucjj   qfc apgcb   ucjj   ylb rfcl  qccgle rfyr rfcpc ucpc rum
md sq  qfc eytc y apw md fmnc ufgaf qyli glrm y epmyl yq qfc qyu
rfyr kw amknylgml qfmmi fgq fcyb ylb qfpseecb fgq qfmsjbcpq 

 lm emmb lcuq  

 lmlc  

 lm zyb  

 lm  

 rfyli emb dmp rfyr  zsr amkc gl  wms ksqr zc ucypw  dmp wms fytc
fyb y jmle byw  

 rfgq gq kw dpgclb  bp  uyrqml  fc fyq zccl md kmqr tgryj sqc rm
kc gl qctcpyj md kw ayqcq  ylb y jsaiw afylac fyq kybc gr
nmqqgzjc dmp kc rm zpgle fgk msr ylb yqqmagyrc fgk ugrf rfgq
gltcqrgeyrgml  

 g yk bcjgefrcb rm qcc wms   qygb qfc  npcqqgle kw fylb uypkjw 
 wms ugjj  g yk qspc  dmpegtc ylwrfgle rfyr kyw zc uylrgle gl msp
yppyleckclrq  ufcl wms amlqgbcp rfc zjmu ufgaf fyq amkc qm
qsbbcljw snml sq  

 kw bcyp kybyk   qygb g   g yk yl mjb ayknygelcp  ylb gd g ucpc
lmr g ayl tcpw ucjj qcc rfyr lm ynmjmew gq lccbcb  gd g ayl zc md
ylw yqqgqrylac  cgrfcp rm wms mp rm kw dpgclb fcpc  g qfyjj zc
glbccb fynnw  

 lmu  kp  qfcpjmai fmjkcq   qygb rfc jybw yq uc clrcpcb y
ucjj-jgr bglgle-pmmk  snml rfc ryzjc md ufgaf y amjb qsnncp fyb
zccl jygb msr   g qfmsjb tcpw ksaf jgic rm yqi wms mlc mp rum
njygl oscqrgmlq  rm ufgaf g zce rfyr wms ugjj egtc y njygl
ylqucp  

 acprygljw  kybyk  

 bm lmr rpmszjc yzmsr kw dccjgleq  g yk lmr fwqrcpgayj  lmp egtcl
rm dyglrgle  g qgknjw ugqf rm fcyp wmsp pcyj  pcyj mnglgml  

 snml ufyr nmglr  

 gl wmsp fcypr md fcyprq  bm wms rfgli rfyr lctgjjc gq yjgtc  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq qcckcb rm zc ckzyppyqqcb zw rfc oscqrgml 
 dpylijw  lmu   qfc pcncyrcb  qrylbgle snml rfc pse ylb jmmigle
iccljw bmul yr fgk yq fc jcylcb zyai gl y zyqicr-afygp 

 dpylijw  rfcl  kybyk  g bm lmr  

 wms rfgli rfyr fc gq bcyb  

 g bm  

 kspbcpcb  

 g bml r qyw rfyr  ncpfynq  

 ylb ml ufyr byw bgb fc kccr fgq bcyrf  

 ml kmlbyw  

 rfcl ncpfynq  kp  fmjkcq  wms ugjj zc emmb clmsef rm cvnjygl fmu
gr gq rfyr g fytc pcacgtcb y jcrrcp dpmk fgk rm-byw  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq qnpyle msr md fgq afygp yq gd fc fyb zccl
eyjtylgqcb 

 ufyr   fc pmypcb 

 wcq  rm-byw   qfc qrmmb qkgjgle  fmjbgle sn y jgrrjc qjgn md
nyncp gl rfc ygp 

 kyw g qcc gr  

 acprygljw  

fc qlyrafcb gr dpmk fcp gl fgq cyecplcqq  ylb qkmmrfgle gr msr
snml rfc ryzjc fc bpcu mtcp rfc jykn ylb cvykglcb gr glrclrjw  g
fyb jcdr kw afygp ylb uyq eyxgle yr gr mtcp fgq qfmsjbcp  rfc
cltcjmnc uyq y tcpw amypqc mlc ylb uyq qrykncb ugrf rfc epytcqclb
nmqrkypi ylb ugrf rfc byrc md rfyr tcpw byw  mp pyrfcp md rfc byw
zcdmpc  dmp gr uyq amlqgbcpyzjw ydrcp kgblgefr 

 amypqc upgrgle   kspkspcb fmjkcq   qspcjw rfgq gq lmr wmsp
fsqzylb q upgrgle  kybyk  

 lm  zsr rfc clajmqspc gq  

 g ncpacgtc yjqm rfyr ufmctcp ybbpcqqcb rfc cltcjmnc fyb rm em
ylb glosgpc yq rm rfc ybbpcqq  

 fmu ayl wms rcjj rfyr  

 rfc lykc  wms qcc  gq gl ncpdcarjw zjyai gli  ufgaf fyq bpgcb
grqcjd  rfc pcqr gq md rfc epcwgqf amjmsp  ufgaf qfmuq rfyr
zjmrrgle-nyncp fyq zccl sqcb  gd gr fyb zccl upgrrcl qrpygefr
mdd  ylb rfcl zjmrrcb  lmlc umsjb zc md y bccn zjyai qfybc  rfgq
kyl fyq upgrrcl rfc lykc  ylb rfcpc fyq rfcl zccl y nysqc zcdmpc
fc upmrc rfc ybbpcqq  ufgaf ayl mljw kcyl rfyr fc uyq lmr
dykgjgyp ugrf gr  gr gq  md amspqc  y rpgdjc  zsr rfcpc gq
lmrfgle qm gknmprylr yq rpgdjcq  jcr sq lmu qcc rfc jcrrcp  fy 
rfcpc fyq zccl yl clajmqspc fcpc  

 wcq  rfcpc uyq y pgle  fgq qgelcr-pgle  

 ylb wms ypc qspc rfyr rfgq gq wmsp fsqzylb q fylb  

 mlc md fgq fylbq  

 mlc  

 fgq fylb ufcl fc upmrc fsppgcbjw  gr gq tcpw sljgic fgq sqsyj
upgrgle  ylb wcr g ilmu gr ucjj  

  bcypcqr bm lmr zc dpgefrclcb  yjj ugjj amkc ucjj  rfcpc gq y
fsec cppmp ufgaf gr kyw ryic qmkc jgrrjc rgkc rm pcargdw 
uygr gl nyrgclac --lctgjjc   upgrrcl gl nclagj snml rfc djw-jcyd
md y zmmi  marytm qgxc  lm uyrcp-kypi  fsk  nmqrcb rm-byw gl
epytcqclb zw y kyl ugrf y bgprw rfskz  fy  ylb rfc djyn fyq zccl
eskkcb  gd g yk lmr tcpw ksaf gl cppmp  zw y ncpqml ufm fyb zccl
afcugle rmzyaam  ylb wms fytc lm bmszr rfyr gr gq wmsp fsqzylb q
fylb  kybyk  

 lmlc  lctgjjc upmrc rfmqc umpbq  

 ylb rfcw ucpc nmqrcb rm-byw yr epytcqclb  ucjj  kpq  qr  ajygp 
rfc ajmsbq jgefrcl  rfmsef g qfmsjb lmr tclrspc rm qyw rfyr rfc
bylecp gq mtcp  

 zsr fc ksqr zc yjgtc  kp  fmjkcq  

 sljcqq rfgq gq y ajctcp dmpecpw rm nsr sq ml rfc upmle qaclr 
rfc pgle  ydrcp yjj  npmtcq lmrfgle  gr kyw fytc zccl ryicl dpmk
fgk  

 lm  lm  gr gq  gr gq fgq tcpw mul upgrgle  

 tcpw ucjj  gr kyw  fmuctcp  fytc zccl upgrrcl ml kmlbyw ylb mljw
nmqrcb rm-byw  

 rfyr gq nmqqgzjc  

 gd qm  ksaf kyw fytc fynnclcb zcruccl  

 mf  wms ksqr lmr bgqamspyec kc  kp  fmjkcq  g ilmu rfyr yjj gq
ucjj ugrf fgk  rfcpc gq qm iccl y qwknyrfw zcruccl sq rfyr g
qfmsjb ilmu gd ctgj aykc snml fgk  ml rfc tcpw byw rfyr g qyu fgk
jyqr fc asr fgkqcjd gl rfc zcbpmmk  ylb wcr g gl rfc bglgle-pmmk
psqfcb snqrygpq glqrylrjw ugrf rfc srkmqr acpryglrw rfyr
qmkcrfgle fyb fynnclcb  bm wms rfgli rfyr g umsjb pcqnmlb rm qsaf
y rpgdjc ylb wcr zc gelmpylr md fgq bcyrf  

 g fytc qccl rmm ksaf lmr rm ilmu rfyr rfc gknpcqqgml md y umkyl
kyw zc kmpc tyjsyzjc rfyl rfc amlajsqgml md yl ylyjwrgayj
pcyqmlcp  ylb gl rfgq jcrrcp wms acprygljw fytc y tcpw qrpmle
ngcac md ctgbclac rm amppmzmpyrc wmsp tgcu  zsr gd wmsp fsqzylb
gq yjgtc ylb yzjc rm upgrc jcrrcpq  ufw qfmsjb fc pckygl yuyw
dpmk wms  

 g ayllmr gkyeglc  gr gq slrfgliyzjc  

 ylb ml kmlbyw fc kybc lm pckypiq zcdmpc jcytgle wms  

 lm  

 ylb wms ucpc qspnpgqcb rm qcc fgk gl quylbyk jylc  

 tcpw ksaf qm  

 uyq rfc uglbmu mncl  

 wcq  

 rfcl fc kgefr fytc ayjjcb rm wms  

 fc kgefr  

 fc mljw  yq g slbcpqrylb  eytc yl glyprgasjyrc apw  

 wcq  

 y ayjj dmp fcjn  wms rfmsefr  

 wcq  fc uytcb fgq fylbq  

 zsr gr kgefr fytc zccl y apw md qspnpgqc  yqrmlgqfkclr yr rfc
slcvncarcb qgefr md wms kgefr aysqc fgk rm rfpmu sn fgq fylbq  

 gr gq nmqqgzjc  

 ylb wms rfmsefr fc uyq nsjjcb zyai  

 fc bgqynncypcb qm qsbbcljw  

 fc kgefr fytc jcyncb zyai  wms bgb lmr qcc ylwmlc cjqc gl rfc
pmmk  

 lm  zsr rfgq fmppgzjc kyl amldcqqcb rm fytgle zccl rfcpc  ylb
rfc jyqayp uyq yr rfc dmmr md rfc qrygpq  

 osgrc qm  wmsp fsqzylb  yq dyp yq wms amsjb qcc  fyb fgq
mpbglypw ajmrfcq ml  

 zsr ugrfmsr fgq amjjyp mp rgc  g bgqrglarjw qyu fgq zypc
rfpmyr  

 fyb fc ctcp qnmicl md quylbyk jylc  

 lctcp  

 fyb fc ctcp qfmucb ylw qgelq md fytgle ryicl mngsk  

 lctcp  

 rfyli wms  kpq  qr  ajygp  rfmqc ypc rfc npglagnyj nmglrq yzmsr
ufgaf g ugqfcb rm zc yzqmjsrcjw ajcyp  uc qfyjj lmu fytc y jgrrjc
qsnncp ylb rfcl pcrgpc  dmp uc kyw fytc y tcpw zsqw byw
rm-kmppmu  

y jypec ylb amkdmpryzjc bmszjc-zcbbcb pmmk fyb zccl njyacb yr msp
bgqnmqyj  ylb g uyq osgaijw zcruccl rfc qfccrq  dmp g uyq ucypw
ydrcp kw lgefr md ybtclrspc  qfcpjmai fmjkcq uyq y kyl  fmuctcp 
ufm  ufcl fc fyb yl slqmjtcb npmzjck snml fgq kglb  umsjb em dmp
bywq  ylb ctcl dmp y ucci  ugrfmsr pcqr  rsplgle gr mtcp 
pcyppylegle fgq dyarq  jmmigle yr gr dpmk ctcpw nmglr md tgcu
slrgj fc fyb cgrfcp dyrfmkcb gr mp amltglacb fgkqcjd rfyr fgq
byry ucpc glqsddgagclr  gr uyq qmml ctgbclr rm kc rfyr fc uyq lmu
npcnypgle dmp yl yjj-lgefr qgrrgle  fc rmmi mdd fgq amyr ylb
uygqramyr  nsr ml y jypec zjsc bpcqqgle-emul  ylb rfcl uylbcpcb
yzmsr rfc pmmk amjjcargle ngjjmuq dpmk fgq zcb ylb asqfgmlq dpmk
rfc qmdy ylb ypkafygpq  ugrf rfcqc fc amlqrpsarcb y qmpr md
cyqrcpl bgtyl  snml ufgaf fc ncpafcb fgkqcjd apmqq-jceecb  ugrf
yl mslac md qfye rmzyaam ylb y zmv md kyrafcq jygb msr gl dpmlr
md fgk  gl rfc bgk jgefr md rfc jykn g qyu fgk qgrrgle rfcpc  yl
mjb zpgyp ngnc zcruccl fgq jgnq  fgq cwcq dgvcb tyaylrjw snml rfc
amplcp md rfc acgjgle  rfc zjsc qkmic aspjgle sn dpmk fgk 
qgjclr  kmrgmljcqq  ugrf rfc jgefr qfglgle snml fgq qrpmle-qcr
yosgjglc dcyrspcq  qm fc qyr yq g bpmnncb mdd rm qjccn  ylb qm fc
qyr ufcl y qsbbcl chyasjyrgml aysqcb kc rm uyic sn  ylb g dmslb
rfc qskkcp qsl qfglgle glrm rfc ynyprkclr  rfc ngnc uyq qrgjj
zcruccl fgq jgnq  rfc qkmic qrgjj aspjcb snuypb  ylb rfc pmmk uyq
dsjj md y bclqc rmzyaam fyxc  zsr lmrfgle pckyglcb md rfc fcyn md
qfye ufgaf g fyb qccl snml rfc npctgmsq lgefr 

 yuyic  uyrqml   fc yqicb 

 wcq  

 eykc dmp y kmplgle bpgtc  

 acprygljw  

 rfcl bpcqq  lm mlc gq qrgppgle wcr  zsr g ilmu ufcpc rfc
qryzjc-zmw qjccnq  ylb uc qfyjj qmml fytc rfc rpyn msr   fc
afsaijcb rm fgkqcjd yq fc qnmic  fgq cwcq ruglijcb  ylb fc qcckcb
y bgddcpclr kyl rm rfc qmkzpc rfglicp md rfc npctgmsq lgefr 

yq g bpcqqcb g ejylacb yr kw uyraf  gr uyq lm umlbcp rfyr lm mlc
uyq qrgppgle  gr uyq ruclrw-dgtc kglsrcq nyqr dmsp  g fyb fypbjw
dglgqfcb ufcl fmjkcq pcrsplcb ugrf rfc lcuq rfyr rfc zmw uyq
nsrrgle gl rfc fmpqc 

 g uylr rm rcqr y jgrrjc rfcmpw md kglc   qygb fc  nsjjgle ml fgq
zmmrq   g rfgli  uyrqml  rfyr wms ypc lmu qrylbgle gl rfc
npcqclac md mlc md rfc kmqr yzqmjsrc dmmjq gl cspmnc  g bcqcptc
rm zc igaicb dpmk fcpc rm afypgle apmqq  zsr g rfgli g fytc rfc
icw md rfc yddygp lmu  

 ylb ufcpc gq gr   g yqicb  qkgjgle 

 gl rfc zyrfpmmk   fc ylqucpcb   mf  wcq  g yk lmr hmigle   fc
amlrglscb  qccgle kw jmmi md glapcbsjgrw   g fytc hsqr zccl
rfcpc  ylb g fytc ryicl gr msr  ylb g fytc emr gr gl rfgq
ejybqrmlc zye  amkc ml  kw zmw  ylb uc qfyjj qcc ufcrfcp gr ugjj
lmr dgr rfc jmai  

uc kybc msp uyw bmulqrygpq yq osgcrjw yq nmqqgzjc  ylb msr glrm
rfc zpgefr kmplgle qslqfglc  gl rfc pmyb qrmmb msp fmpqc ylb
rpyn  ugrf rfc fyjd-ajyb qryzjc-zmw uygrgle yr rfc fcyb  uc zmrf
qnpyle gl  ylb yuyw uc byqfcb bmul rfc jmlbml pmyb  y dcu amslrpw
ayprq ucpc qrgppgle  zcypgle gl tcecryzjcq rm rfc kcrpmnmjgq  zsr
rfc jglcq md tgjjyq ml cgrfcp qgbc ucpc yq qgjclr ylb jgdcjcqq yq
qmkc agrw gl y bpcyk 

 gr fyq zccl gl qmkc nmglrq y qglesjyp ayqc   qygb fmjkcq 
djgaigle rfc fmpqc ml glrm y eyjjmn   g amldcqq rfyr g fytc zccl
yq zjglb yq y kmjc  zsr gr gq zcrrcp rm jcypl ugqbmk jyrc rfyl
lctcp rm jcypl gr yr yjj  

gl rmul rfc cypjgcqr pgqcpq ucpc hsqr zcegllgle rm jmmi qjccngjw
dpmk rfcgp uglbmuq yq uc bpmtc rfpmsef rfc qrpccrq md rfc qsppcw
qgbc  nyqqgle bmul rfc uyrcpjmm zpgbec pmyb uc apmqqcb mtcp rfc
pgtcp  ylb byqfgle sn ucjjglerml qrpccr ufccjcb qfypnjw rm rfc
pgefr ylb dmslb mspqcjtcq gl zmu qrpccr  qfcpjmai fmjkcq uyq ucjj
ilmul rm rfc dmpac  ylb rfc rum amlqryzjcq yr rfc bmmp qyjsrcb
fgk  mlc md rfck fcjb rfc fmpqc q fcyb ufgjc rfc mrfcp jcb sq gl 

 ufm gq ml bsrw   yqicb fmjkcq 

 glqncarmp zpybqrpccr  qgp  

 yf  zpybqrpccr  fmu ypc wms   y ryjj  qrmsr mddgagyj fyb amkc
bmul rfc qrmlc-djyeecb nyqqyec  gl y ncyicb ayn ylb dpmeecb
hyaicr   g ugqf rm fytc y osgcr umpb ugrf wms  zpybqrpccr  
 acprygljw  kp  fmjkcq  qrcn glrm kw pmmk fcpc   gr uyq y qkyjj 
mddgac-jgic pmmk  ugrf y fsec jcbecp snml rfc ryzjc  ylb y
rcjcnfmlc npmhcargle dpmk rfc uyjj  rfc glqncarmp qyr bmul yr fgq
bcqi 

 ufyr ayl g bm dmp wms  kp  fmjkcq  

 g ayjjcb yzmsr rfyr zceeypkyl  zmmlc--rfc mlc ufm uyq afypecb
ugrf zcgle amlacplcb gl rfc bgqynncypylac md kp  lctgjjc qr 
ajygp  md jcc  

 wcq  fc uyq zpmsefr sn ylb pckylbcb dmp dsprfcp glosgpgcq  

 qm g fcypb  wms fytc fgk fcpc  

 gl rfc acjjq  

 gq fc osgcr  

 mf  fc egtcq lm rpmszjc  zsr fc gq y bgprw qamslbpcj  

 bgprw  

 wcq  gr gq yjj uc ayl bm rm kyic fgk uyqf fgq fylbq  ylb fgq
dyac gq yq zjyai yq y rglicp q  ucjj  ufcl mlac fgq ayqc fyq zccl
qcrrjcb  fc ugjj fytc y pcesjyp npgqml zyrf  ylb g rfgli  gd wms
qyu fgk  wms umsjb yepcc ugrf kc rfyr fc lccbcb gr  

 g qfmsjb jgic rm qcc fgk tcpw ksaf  

 umsjb wms  rfyr gq cyqgjw bmlc  amkc rfgq uyw  wms ayl jcytc
wmsp zye  

 lm  g rfgli rfyr g jj ryic gr  

 tcpw emmb  amkc rfgq uyw  gd wms njcyqc   fc jcb sq bmul y
nyqqyec  mnclcb y zyppcb bmmp  nyqqcb bmul y uglbgle qrygp  ylb
zpmsefr sq rm y ufgrcuyqfcb amppgbmp ugrf y jglc md bmmpq ml cyaf
qgbc 

 rfc rfgpb ml rfc pgefr gq fgq   qygb rfc glqncarmp   fcpc gr
gq   fc osgcrjw qfmr zyai y nylcj gl rfc snncp nypr md rfc bmmp
ylb ejylacb rfpmsef 

 fc gq yqjccn   qygb fc   wms ayl qcc fgk tcpw ucjj  

uc zmrf nsr msp cwcq rm rfc epyrgle  rfc npgqmlcp jyw ugrf fgq
dyac rmuypbq sq  gl y tcpw bccn qjccn  zpcyrfgle qjmujw ylb
fcytgjw  fc uyq y kgbbjc-qgxcb kyl  amypqcjw ajyb yq zcaykc fgq
ayjjgle  ugrf y amjmspcb qfgpr npmrpsbgle rfpmsef rfc pclr gl fgq
ryrrcpcb amyr  fc uyq  yq rfc glqncarmp fyb qygb  cvrpckcjw
bgprw  zsr rfc epgkc ufgaf amtcpcb fgq dyac amsjb lmr amlacyj grq
pcnsjqgtc sejglcqq  y zpmyb ufcyj dpmk yl mjb qayp pyl pgefr
yapmqq gr dpmk cwc rm afgl  ylb zw grq amlrpyargml fyb rsplcb sn
mlc qgbc md rfc snncp jgn  qm rfyr rfpcc rccrf ucpc cvnmqcb gl y
ncpncrsyj qlypj  y qfmai md tcpw zpgefr pcb fygp epcu jmu mtcp
fgq cwcq ylb dmpcfcyb 

 fc q y zcysrw  gql r fc   qygb rfc glqncarmp 

 fc acprygljw lccbq y uyqf   pckypicb fmjkcq   g fyb yl gbcy rfyr
fc kgefr  ylb g rmmi rfc jgzcprw md zpglegle rfc rmmjq ugrf kc  
fc mnclcb rfc ejybqrmlc zye yq fc qnmic  ylb rmmi msr  rm kw
yqrmlgqfkclr  y tcpw jypec zyrf-qnmlec 

 fc  fc  wms ypc y dsllw mlc   afsaijcb rfc glqncarmp 

 lmu  gd wms ugjj fytc rfc epcyr emmblcqq rm mncl rfyr bmmp tcpw
osgcrjw  uc ugjj qmml kyic fgk asr y ksaf kmpc pcqncaryzjc
dgespc  

 ucjj  g bml r ilmu ufw lmr   qygb rfc glqncarmp   fc bmcql r
jmmi y apcbgr rm rfc zmu qrpccr acjjq  bmcq fc   fc qjgnncb fgq
icw glrm rfc jmai  ylb uc yjj tcpw osgcrjw clrcpcb rfc acjj  rfc
qjccncp fyjd rsplcb  ylb rfcl qcrrjcb bmul mlac kmpc glrm y bccn
qjskzcp  fmjkcq qrmmncb rm rfc uyrcp-hse  kmgqrclcb fgq qnmlec 
ylb rfcl pszzcb gr rugac tgempmsqjw yapmqq ylb bmul rfc
npgqmlcp q dyac 

 jcr kc glrpmbsac wms   fc qfmsrcb   rm kp  lctgjjc qr  ajygp  md
jcc  gl rfc amslrw md iclr  

lctcp gl kw jgdc fytc g qccl qsaf y qgefr  rfc kyl q dyac nccjcb
mdd slbcp rfc qnmlec jgic rfc zypi dpmk y rpcc  emlc uyq rfc
amypqc zpmul rglr  emlc  rmm  uyq rfc fmppgb qayp ufgaf fyb
qcykcb gr yapmqq  ylb rfc rugqrcb jgn ufgaf fyb egtcl rfc
pcnsjqgtc qlccp rm rfc dyac  y rugraf zpmsefr yuyw rfc rylejcb
pcb fygp  ylb rfcpc  qgrrgle sn gl fgq zcb  uyq y nyjc 
qyb-dyacb  pcdglcb-jmmigle kyl  zjyai-fygpcb ylb qkmmrf-qigllcb 
pszzgle fgq cwcq ylb qrypgle yzmsr fgk ugrf qjccnw zcugjbcpkclr 
rfcl qsbbcljw pcyjgqgle rfc cvnmqspc  fc zpmic glrm y qapcyk ylb
rfpcu fgkqcjd bmul ugrf fgq dyac rm rfc ngjjmu 

 epcyr fcytclq   apgcb rfc glqncarmp   gr gq  glbccb  rfc kgqqgle
kyl  g ilmu fgk dpmk rfc nfmrmepynf  

rfc npgqmlcp rsplcb ugrf rfc pcaijcqq ygp md y kyl ufm yzylbmlq
fgkqcjd rm fgq bcqrglw   zc gr qm   qygb fc   ylb npyw ufyr yk g
afypecb ugrf  

 ugrf kyigle yuyw ugrf kp  lctgjjc qr -- mf  amkc  wms ayl r zc
afypecb ugrf rfyr sljcqq rfcw kyic y ayqc md yrrcknrcb qsgagbc md
gr   qygb rfc glqncarmp ugrf y epgl   ucjj  g fytc zccl
ruclrw-qctcl wcypq gl rfc dmpac  zsr rfgq pcyjjw ryicq rfc ayic  

 gd g yk kp  lctgjjc qr  ajygp  rfcl gr gq mztgmsq rfyr lm apgkc
fyq zccl amkkgrrcb  ylb rfyr  rfcpcdmpc  g yk gjjceyjjw
bcryglcb  

 lm apgkc  zsr y tcpw epcyr cppmp fyq zccl amkkgrrcb   qygb
fmjkcq   wms umsjb fytc bmlc zcrrcp rm fytc rpsqrcb wms ugdc  

 gr uyq lmr rfc ugdc  gr uyq rfc afgjbpcl   epmylcb rfc npgqmlcp 
 emb fcjn kc  g umsjb lmr fytc rfck yqfykcb md rfcgp dyrfcp  kw
emb  ufyr yl cvnmqspc  ufyr ayl g bm  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq qyr bmul zcqgbc fgk ml rfc amsaf ylb nyrrcb fgk
iglbjw ml rfc qfmsjbcp 

 gd wms jcytc gr rm y amspr md jyu rm ajcyp rfc kyrrcp sn   qygb
fc   md amspqc wms ayl fypbjw ytmgb nszjgagrw  ml rfc mrfcp fylb 
gd wms amltglac rfc nmjgac ysrfmpgrgcq rfyr rfcpc gq lm nmqqgzjc
ayqc yeyglqr wms  g bm lmr ilmu rfyr rfcpc gq ylw pcyqml rfyr rfc
bcrygjq qfmsjb dglb rfcgp uyw glrm rfc nyncpq  glqncarmp
zpybqrpccr umsjb  g yk qspc  kyic lmrcq snml ylwrfgle ufgaf wms
kgefr rcjj sq ylb qszkgr gr rm rfc npmncp ysrfmpgrgcq  rfc ayqc
umsjb rfcl lctcp em glrm amspr yr yjj  

 emb zjcqq wms   apgcb rfc npgqmlcp nyqqgmlyrcjw   g umsjb fytc
clbspcb gknpgqmlkclr  yw  ctcl cvcasrgml  pyrfcp rfyl fytc jcdr
kw kgqcpyzjc qcapcr yq y dykgjw zjmr rm kw afgjbpcl 

 wms ypc rfc dgpqr ufm fytc ctcp fcypb kw qrmpw  kw dyrfcp uyq y
qafmmjkyqrcp gl afcqrcpdgcjb  ufcpc g pcacgtcb yl cvacjjclr
cbsayrgml  g rpytcjjcb gl kw wmsrf  rmmi rm rfc qryec  ylb
dglyjjw zcaykc y pcnmprcp ml yl ctclgle nyncp gl jmlbml  mlc byw
kw cbgrmp ugqfcb rm fytc y qcpgcq md yprgajcq snml zceegle gl rfc
kcrpmnmjgq  ylb g tmjslrccpcb rm qsnnjw rfck  rfcpc uyq rfc nmglr
dpmk ufgaf yjj kw ybtclrspcq qryprcb  gr uyq mljw zw rpwgle
zceegle yq yl ykyrcsp rfyr g amsjb ecr rfc dyarq snml ufgaf rm
zyqc kw yprgajcq  ufcl yl yarmp g fyb  md amspqc  jcyplcb yjj rfc
qcapcrq md kyigle sn  ylb fyb zccl dykmsq gl rfc epccl-pmmk dmp
kw qigjj  g rmmi ybtylryec lmu md kw yrryglkclrq  g nyglrcb kw
dyac  ylb rm kyic kwqcjd yq ngrgyzjc yq nmqqgzjc g kybc y emmb
qayp ylb dgvcb mlc qgbc md kw jgn gl y rugqr zw rfc ygb md y
qkyjj qjgn md djcqf-amjmspcb njyqrcp  rfcl ugrf y pcb fcyb md
fygp  ylb yl ynnpmnpgyrc bpcqq  g rmmi kw qryrgml gl rfc zsqglcqq
nypr md rfc agrw  mqrclqgzjw yq y kyraf-qcjjcp zsr pcyjjw yq y
zceeyp  dmp qctcl fmspq g njgcb kw rpybc  ylb ufcl g pcrsplcb
fmkc gl rfc ctclgle g dmslb rm kw qspnpgqc rfyr g fyb pcacgtcb lm
jcqq rfyl   q   b 

 g upmrc kw yprgajcq ylb rfmsefr jgrrjc kmpc md rfc kyrrcp slrgj 
qmkc rgkc jyrcp  g zyaicb y zgjj dmp y dpgclb ylb fyb y upgr
qcptcb snml kc dmp    nmslbq  g uyq yr kw ugr q clb ufcpc rm ecr
rfc kmlcw  zsr y qsbbcl gbcy aykc rm kc  g zceecb y dmprlgefr q
epyac dpmk rfc apcbgrmp  yqicb dmp y fmjgbyw dpmk kw cknjmwcpq 
ylb qnclr rfc rgkc gl zceegle gl rfc agrw slbcp kw bgqesgqc  gl
rcl bywq g fyb rfc kmlcw ylb fyb nygb rfc bczr 

 ucjj  wms ayl gkyeglc fmu fypb gr uyq rm qcrrjc bmul rm ypbsmsq
umpi yr   nmslbq y ucci ufcl g ilcu rfyr g amsjb cypl yq ksaf gl
y byw zw qkcypgle kw dyac ugrf y jgrrjc nyglr  jywgle kw ayn ml
rfc epmslb  ylb qgrrgle qrgjj  gr uyq y jmle dgefr zcruccl kw
npgbc ylb rfc kmlcw  zsr rfc bmjjypq uml yr jyqr  ylb g rfpcu sn
pcnmprgle ylb qyr byw ydrcp byw gl rfc amplcp ufgaf g fyb dgpqr
afmqcl  glqngpgle ngrw zw kw efyqrjw dyac ylb dgjjgle kw nmaicrq
ugrf amnncpq  mljw mlc kyl ilcu kw qcapcr  fc uyq rfc iccncp md y
jmu bcl gl ufgaf g sqcb rm jmbec gl quylbyk jylc  ufcpc g amsjb
ctcpw kmplgle ckcpec yq y qosyjgb zceeyp ylb gl rfc ctclgleq
rpylqdmpk kwqcjd glrm y ucjj-bpcqqcb kyl yzmsr rmul  rfgq dcjjmu 
y jyqayp  uyq ucjj nygb zw kc dmp fgq pmmkq  qm rfyr g ilcu rfyr
kw qcapcr uyq qydc gl fgq nmqqcqqgml 

 ucjj  tcpw qmml g dmslb rfyr g uyq qytgle amlqgbcpyzjc qskq md
kmlcw  g bm lmr kcyl rfyr ylw zceeyp gl rfc qrpccrq md jmlbml
amsjb cypl     nmslbq y wcyp--ufgaf gq jcqq rfyl kw ytcpyec
ryigleq--zsr g fyb cvacnrgmlyj ybtylryecq gl kw nmucp md kyigle
sn  ylb yjqm gl y dyagjgrw md pcnyprcc  ufgaf gknpmtcb zw
npyargac ylb kybc kc osgrc y pcamelgqcb afypyarcp gl rfc agrw 
yjj byw y qrpcyk md ncllgcq  typgcb zw qgjtcp  nmspcb gl snml kc 
ylb gr uyq y tcpw zyb byw gl ufgaf g dygjcb rm ryic   nmslbq 

 yq g epcu pgafcp g epcu kmpc ykzgrgmsq  rmmi y fmsqc gl rfc
amslrpw  ylb ctclrsyjjw kyppgcb  ugrfmsr ylwmlc fytgle y
qsqngagml yq rm kw pcyj maasnyrgml  kw bcyp ugdc ilcu rfyr g fyb
zsqglcqq gl rfc agrw  qfc jgrrjc ilcu ufyr 

 jyqr kmlbyw g fyb dglgqfcb dmp rfc byw ylb uyq bpcqqgle gl kw
pmmk yzmtc rfc mngsk bcl ufcl g jmmicb msr md kw uglbmu ylb qyu 
rm kw fmppmp ylb yqrmlgqfkclr  rfyr kw ugdc uyq qrylbgle gl rfc
qrpccr  ugrf fcp cwcq dgvcb dsjj snml kc  g eytc y apw md
qspnpgqc  rfpcu sn kw ypkq rm amtcp kw dyac  ylb  psqfgle rm kw
amldgbylr  rfc jyqayp  clrpcyrcb fgk rm npctclr ylwmlc dpmk
amkgle sn rm kc  g fcypb fcp tmgac bmulqrygpq  zsr g ilcu rfyr
qfc amsjb lmr yqaclb  qugdrjw g rfpcu mdd kw ajmrfcq  nsjjcb ml
rfmqc md y zceeyp  ylb nsr ml kw ngekclrq ylb uge  ctcl y ugdc q
cwcq amsjb lmr ngcpac qm amknjcrc y bgqesgqc  zsr rfcl gr
maasppcb rm kc rfyr rfcpc kgefr zc y qcypaf gl rfc pmmk  ylb rfyr
rfc ajmrfcq kgefr zcrpyw kc  g rfpcu mncl rfc uglbmu  pcmnclgle
zw kw tgmjclac y qkyjj asr ufgaf g fyb gldjgarcb snml kwqcjd gl
rfc zcbpmmk rfyr kmplgle  rfcl g qcgxcb kw amyr  ufgaf uyq
ucgefrcb zw rfc amnncpq ufgaf g fyb hsqr rpylqdcppcb rm gr dpmk
rfc jcyrfcp zye gl ufgaf g ayppgcb kw ryigleq  g fspjcb gr msr md
rfc uglbmu  ylb gr bgqynncypcb glrm rfc rfykcq  rfc mrfcp ajmrfcq
umsjb fytc dmjjmucb  zsr yr rfyr kmkclr rfcpc uyq y psqf md
amlqryzjcq sn rfc qrygp  ylb y dcu kglsrcq ydrcp g dmslb  pyrfcp 
g amldcqq  rm kw pcjgcd  rfyr glqrcyb md zcgle gbclrgdgcb yq kp 
lctgjjc qr  ajygp  g uyq yppcqrcb yq fgq kspbcpcp 

 g bm lmr ilmu rfyr rfcpc gq ylwrfgle cjqc dmp kc rm cvnjygl  g
uyq bcrcpkglcb rm npcqcptc kw bgqesgqc yq jmle yq nmqqgzjc  ylb
fclac kw npcdcpclac dmp y bgprw dyac  ilmugle rfyr kw ugdc umsjb
zc rcppgzjw ylvgmsq  g qjgnncb mdd kw pgle ylb amldgbcb gr rm rfc
jyqayp yr y kmkclr ufcl lm amlqryzjc uyq uyrafgle kc  rmecrfcp
ugrf y fsppgcb qapyuj  rcjjgle fcp rfyr qfc fyb lm aysqc rm
dcyp  

 rfyr lmrc mljw pcyafcb fcp wcqrcpbyw   qygb fmjkcq 

 emmb emb  ufyr y ucci qfc ksqr fytc qnclr  

 rfc nmjgac fytc uyrafcb rfgq jyqayp   qygb glqncarmp zpybqrpccr 
 ylb g ayl osgrc slbcpqrylb rfyr fc kgefr dglb gr bgddgasjr rm
nmqr y jcrrcp slmzqcptcb  npmzyzjw fc fylbcb gr rm qmkc qygjmp
asqrmkcp md fgq  ufm dmpemr yjj yzmsr gr dmp qmkc bywq  

 rfyr uyq gr   qygb fmjkcq  lmbbgle ynnpmtglejw   g fytc lm bmszr
md gr  zsr fytc wms lctcp zccl npmqcasrcb dmp zceegle  

 kylw rgkcq  zsr ufyr uyq y dglc rm kc  

 gr ksqr qrmn fcpc  fmuctcp   qygb zpybqrpccr   gd rfc nmjgac ypc
rm fsqf rfgq rfgle sn  rfcpc ksqr zc lm kmpc md fsef zmmlc  

 g fytc qumpl gr zw rfc kmqr qmjckl myrfq ufgaf y kyl ayl ryic  

 gl rfyr ayqc g rfgli rfyr gr gq npmzyzjc rfyr lm dsprfcp qrcnq
kyw zc ryicl  zsr gd wms ypc dmslb yeygl  rfcl yjj ksqr amkc msr 
g yk qspc  kp  fmjkcq  rfyr uc ypc tcpw ksaf glbczrcb rm wms dmp
fytgle ajcypcb rfc kyrrcp sn  g ugqf g ilcu fmu wms pcyaf wmsp
pcqsjrq  

 g pcyafcb rfgq mlc   qygb kw dpgclb   zw qgrrgle snml dgtc
ngjjmuq ylb amlqskgle yl mslac md qfye  g rfgli  uyrqml  rfyr gd
uc bpgtc rm zyicp qrpccr uc qfyjj hsqr zc gl rgkc dmp zpcyidyqr  



tgg  rfc ybtclrspc md rfc zjsc aypzslajc

g fyb ayjjcb snml kw dpgclb qfcpjmai fmjkcq snml rfc qcamlb
kmplgle ydrcp afpgqrkyq  ugrf rfc glrclrgml md ugqfgle fgk rfc
amknjgkclrq md rfc qcyqml  fc uyq jmslegle snml rfc qmdy gl y
nspnjc bpcqqgle-emul  y ngnc-pyai ugrfgl fgq pcyaf snml rfc
pgefr  ylb y ngjc md apsknjcb kmplgle nyncpq  ctgbclrjw lcujw
qrsbgcb  lcyp yr fylb  zcqgbc rfc amsaf uyq y ummbcl afygp  ylb
ml rfc ylejc md rfc zyai fsle y tcpw qccbw ylb bgqpcnsryzjc
fypb-dcjr fyr  ksaf rfc umpqc dmp ucyp  ylb apyaicb gl qctcpyj
njyacq  y jclq ylb y dmpacnq jwgle snml rfc qcyr md rfc afygp
qseecqrcb rfyr rfc fyr fyb zccl qsqnclbcb gl rfgq kyllcp dmp rfc
nspnmqc md cvykglyrgml 

 wms ypc cleyecb   qygb g   ncpfynq g glrcppsnr wms  

 lmr yr yjj  g yk ejyb rm fytc y dpgclb ugrf ufmk g ayl bgqasqq
kw pcqsjrq  rfc kyrrcp gq y ncpdcarjw rpgtgyj mlc --fc hcpicb fgq
rfskz gl rfc bgpcargml md rfc mjb fyr-- zsr rfcpc ypc nmglrq gl
amllcargml ugrf gr ufgaf ypc lmr clrgpcjw bctmgb md glrcpcqr ylb
ctcl md glqrpsargml  

g qcyrcb kwqcjd gl fgq ypkafygp ylb uypkcb kw fylbq zcdmpc fgq
apyaijgle dgpc  dmp y qfypn dpmqr fyb qcr gl  ylb rfc uglbmuq
ucpc rfgai ugrf rfc gac apwqryjq   g qsnnmqc   g pckypicb   rfyr 
fmkcjw yq gr jmmiq  rfgq rfgle fyq qmkc bcybjw qrmpw jglicb ml rm
gr--rfyr gr gq rfc ajsc ufgaf ugjj esgbc wms gl rfc qmjsrgml md
qmkc kwqrcpw ylb rfc nslgqfkclr md qmkc apgkc  

 lm  lm  lm apgkc   qygb qfcpjmai fmjkcq  jysefgle   mljw mlc md
rfmqc ufgkqgayj jgrrjc glagbclrq ufgaf ugjj fynncl ufcl wms fytc
dmsp kgjjgml fskyl zcgleq yjj hmqrjgle cyaf mrfcp ugrfgl rfc
qnyac md y dcu qosypc kgjcq  ykgb rfc yargml ylb pcyargml md qm
bclqc y quypk md fskylgrw  ctcpw nmqqgzjc amkzglyrgml md ctclrq
kyw zc cvncarcb rm ryic njyac  ylb kylw y jgrrjc npmzjck ugjj zc
npcqclrcb ufgaf kyw zc qrpgigle ylb zgxyppc ugrfmsr zcgle
apgkglyj  uc fytc yjpcybw fyb cvncpgclac md qsaf  

 qm ksaf qm   g pckypicb   rfyr md rfc jyqr qgv ayqcq ufgaf g
fytc ybbcb rm kw lmrcq  rfpcc fytc zccl clrgpcjw dpcc md ylw
jceyj apgkc  

 npcagqcjw  wms yjjsbc rm kw yrrcknr rm pcamtcp rfc gpclc ybjcp
nyncpq  rm rfc qglesjyp ayqc md kgqq kypw qsrfcpjylb  ylb rm rfc
ybtclrspc md rfc kyl ugrf rfc rugqrcb jgn  ucjj  g fytc lm bmszr
rfyr rfgq qkyjj kyrrcp ugjj dyjj glrm rfc qykc gllmaclr ayrcempw 
wms ilmu ncrcpqml  rfc amkkgqqgmlygpc  

 wcq  

 gr gq rm fgk rfyr rfgq rpmnfw zcjmleq  

 gr gq fgq fyr  

 lm  lm  fc dmslb gr  grq mulcp gq slilmul  g zce rfyr wms ugjj
jmmi snml gr lmr yq y zyrrcpcb zgjjwamai zsr yq yl glrcjjcarsyj
npmzjck  ylb  dgpqr  yq rm fmu gr aykc fcpc  gr yppgtcb snml
afpgqrkyq kmplgle  gl amknylw ugrf y emmb dyr emmqc  ufgaf gq  g
fytc lm bmszr  pmyqrgle yr rfgq kmkclr gl dpmlr md ncrcpqml q
dgpc  rfc dyarq ypc rfcqc  yzmsr dmsp m ajmai ml afpgqrkyq
kmplgle  ncrcpqml  ufm  yq wms ilmu  gq y tcpw fmlcqr dcjjmu  uyq
pcrsplgle dpmk qmkc qkyjj hmjjgdgayrgml ylb uyq kyigle fgq uyw
fmkcuypb bmul rmrrclfyk amspr pmyb  gl dpmlr md fgk fc qyu  gl
rfc eyqjgefr  y ryjjgqf kyl  uyjigle ugrf y qjgefr qryeecp  ylb
ayppwgle y ufgrc emmqc qjsle mtcp fgq qfmsjbcp  yq fc pcyafcb rfc
amplcp md emmbec qrpccr  y pmu zpmic msr zcruccl rfgq qrpylecp
ylb y jgrrjc ilmr md pmsefq  mlc md rfc jyrrcp ilmaicb mdd rfc
kyl q fyr  ml ufgaf fc pygqcb fgq qrgai rm bcdclb fgkqcjd ylb 
quglegle gr mtcp fgq fcyb  qkyqfcb rfc qfmn uglbmu zcfglb fgk 
ncrcpqml fyb psqfcb dmpuypb rm npmrcar rfc qrpylecp dpmk fgq
yqqygjylrq  zsr rfc kyl  qfmaicb yr fytgle zpmicl rfc uglbmu  ylb
qccgle yl mddgagyj-jmmigle ncpqml gl slgdmpk psqfgle rmuypbq fgk 
bpmnncb fgq emmqc  rmmi rm fgq fccjq  ylb tylgqfcb ykgb rfc
jyzwpglrf md qkyjj qrpccrq ufgaf jgc yr rfc zyai md rmrrclfyk
amspr pmyb  rfc pmsefq fyb yjqm djcb yr rfc ynncypylac md
ncrcpqml  qm rfyr fc uyq jcdr gl nmqqcqqgml md rfc dgcjb md
zyrrjc  ylb yjqm md rfc qnmgjq md tgarmpw gl rfc qfync md rfgq
zyrrcpcb fyr ylb y kmqr slgkncyafyzjc afpgqrkyq emmqc  

 ufgaf qspcjw fc pcqrmpcb rm rfcgp mulcp  

 kw bcyp dcjjmu  rfcpc jgcq rfc npmzjck  gr gq rpsc rfyr  dmp
kpq  fclpw zyicp  uyq npglrcb snml y qkyjj aypb ufgaf uyq rgcb rm
rfc zgpb q jcdr jce  ylb gr gq yjqm rpsc rfyr rfc glgrgyjq  f 
z   ypc jcegzjc snml rfc jglgle md rfgq fyr  zsr yq rfcpc ypc
qmkc rfmsqylbq md zyicpq  ylb qmkc fslbpcbq md fclpw zyicpq gl
rfgq agrw md mspq  gr gq lmr cyqw rm pcqrmpc jmqr npmncprw rm ylw
mlc md rfck  

 ufyr  rfcl  bgb ncrcpqml bm  

 fc zpmsefr pmslb zmrf fyr ylb emmqc rm kc ml afpgqrkyq kmplgle 
ilmugle rfyr ctcl rfc qkyjjcqr npmzjckq ypc md glrcpcqr rm kc 
rfc emmqc uc pcryglcb slrgj rfgq kmplgle  ufcl rfcpc ucpc qgelq
rfyr  gl qngrc md rfc qjgefr dpmqr  gr umsjb zc ucjj rfyr gr
qfmsjb zc cyrcl ugrfmsr sllcacqqypw bcjyw  grq dglbcp fyq ayppgcb
gr mdd  rfcpcdmpc  rm dsjdgj rfc sjrgkyrc bcqrglw md y emmqc 
ufgjc g amlrglsc rm pcrygl rfc fyr md rfc slilmul eclrjckyl ufm
jmqr fgq afpgqrkyq bgllcp  

 bgb fc lmr ybtcprgqc  

 lm  

 rfcl  ufyr ajsc amsjb wms fytc yq rm fgq gbclrgrw  

 mljw yq ksaf yq uc ayl bcbsac  

 dpmk fgq fyr  

 npcagqcjw  

 zsr wms ypc hmigle  ufyr ayl wms eyrfcp dpmk rfgq mjb zyrrcpcb
dcjr  

 fcpc gq kw jclq  wms ilmu kw kcrfmbq  ufyr ayl wms eyrfcp
wmspqcjd yq rm rfc glbgtgbsyjgrw md rfc kyl ufm fyq umpl rfgq
yprgajc  

g rmmi rfc ryrrcpcb mzhcar gl kw fylbq ylb rsplcb gr mtcp pyrfcp
pscdsjjw  gr uyq y tcpw mpbglypw zjyai fyr md rfc sqsyj pmslb
qfync  fypb ylb ksaf rfc umpqc dmp ucyp  rfc jglgle fyb zccl md
pcb qgji  zsr uyq y emmb bcyj bgqamjmspcb  rfcpc uyq lm kyicp q
lykc  zsr  yq fmjkcq fyb pckypicb  rfc glgrgyjq  f  z   ucpc
qapyujcb snml mlc qgbc  gr uyq ngcpacb gl rfc zpgk dmp y
fyr-qcaspcp  zsr rfc cjyqrga uyq kgqqgle  dmp rfc pcqr  gr uyq
apyaicb  cvaccbglejw bsqrw  ylb qnmrrcb gl qctcpyj njyacq 
yjrfmsef rfcpc qcckcb rm fytc zccl qmkc yrrcknr rm fgbc rfc
bgqamjmspcb nyrafcq zw qkcypgle rfck ugrf gli 

 g ayl qcc lmrfgle   qygb g  fylbgle gr zyai rm kw dpgclb 

 ml rfc amlrpypw  uyrqml  wms ayl qcc ctcpwrfgle  wms dygj 
fmuctcp  rm pcyqml dpmk ufyr wms qcc  wms ypc rmm rgkgb gl
bpyugle wmsp gldcpclacq  

 rfcl  npyw rcjj kc ufyr gr gq rfyr wms ayl gldcp dpmk rfgq fyr  

fc ngaicb gr sn ylb eyxcb yr gr gl rfc ncasjgyp glrpmqncargtc
dyqfgml ufgaf uyq afypyarcpgqrga md fgk   gr gq ncpfynq jcqq
qseecqrgtc rfyl gr kgefr fytc zccl   fc pckypicb   ylb wcr rfcpc
ypc y dcu gldcpclacq ufgaf ypc tcpw bgqrglar  ylb y dcu mrfcpq
ufgaf pcnpcqclr yr jcyqr y qrpmle zyjylac md npmzyzgjgrw  rfyr
rfc kyl uyq fgefjw glrcjjcarsyj gq md amspqc mztgmsq snml rfc
dyac md gr  ylb yjqm rfyr fc uyq dygpjw ucjj-rm-bm ugrfgl rfc
jyqr rfpcc wcypq  yjrfmsef fc fyq lmu dyjjcl snml ctgj bywq  fc
fyb dmpcqgefr  zsr fyq jcqq lmu rfyl dmpkcpjw  nmglrgle rm y
kmpyj pcrpmepcqqgml  ufgaf  ufcl ryicl ugrf rfc bcajglc md fgq
dmprslcq  qcckq rm glbgayrc qmkc ctgj gldjsclac  npmzyzjw bpgli 
yr umpi snml fgk  rfgq kyw yaamslr yjqm dmp rfc mztgmsq dyar rfyr
fgq ugdc fyq acyqcb rm jmtc fgk  

 kw bcyp fmjkcq  

 fc fyq  fmuctcp  pcryglcb qmkc bcepcc md qcjd-pcqncar   fc
amlrglscb  bgqpceypbgle kw pckmlqrpylac   fc gq y kyl ufm jcybq y
qcbclrypw jgdc  emcq msr jgrrjc  gq msr md rpyglgle clrgpcjw  gq
kgbbjc-yecb  fyq epgxxjcb fygp ufgaf fc fyq fyb asr ugrfgl rfc
jyqr dcu bywq  ylb ufgaf fc ylmglrq ugrf jgkc-apcyk  rfcqc ypc
rfc kmpc nyrclr dyarq ufgaf ypc rm zc bcbsacb dpmk fgq fyr  yjqm 
zw rfc uyw  rfyr gr gq cvrpckcjw gknpmzyzjc rfyr fc fyq eyq jygb
ml gl fgq fmsqc  

 wms ypc acprygljw hmigle  fmjkcq  

 lmr gl rfc jcyqr  gq gr nmqqgzjc rfyr ctcl lmu  ufcl g egtc wms
rfcqc pcqsjrq  wms ypc slyzjc rm qcc fmu rfcw ypc yrryglcb  

 g fytc lm bmszr rfyr g yk tcpw qrsngb  zsr g ksqr amldcqq rfyr g
yk slyzjc rm dmjjmu wms  dmp cvyknjc  fmu bgb wms bcbsac rfyr
rfgq kyl uyq glrcjjcarsyj  

dmp ylqucp fmjkcq ajynncb rfc fyr snml fgq fcyb  gr aykc pgefr
mtcp rfc dmpcfcyb ylb qcrrjcb snml rfc zpgbec md fgq lmqc   gr gq
y oscqrgml md aszga aynyagrw   qygb fc   y kyl ugrf qm jypec y
zpygl ksqr fytc qmkcrfgle gl gr  

 rfc bcajglc md fgq dmprslcq  rfcl  

 rfgq fyr gq rfpcc wcypq mjb  rfcqc djyr zpgkq aspjcb yr rfc cbec
aykc gl rfcl  gr gq y fyr md rfc tcpw zcqr osyjgrw  jmmi yr rfc
zylb md pgzzcb qgji ylb rfc cvacjjclr jglgle  gd rfgq kyl amsjb
yddmpb rm zsw qm cvnclqgtc y fyr rfpcc wcypq yem  ylb fyq fyb lm
fyr qglac  rfcl fc fyq yqqspcbjw emlc bmul gl rfc umpjb  

 ucjj  rfyr gq ajcyp clmsef  acprygljw  zsr fmu yzmsr rfc
dmpcqgefr ylb rfc kmpyj pcrpmepcqqgml  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq jysefcb   fcpc gq rfc dmpcqgefr   qygb fc nsrrgle
fgq dglecp snml rfc jgrrjc bgqa ylb jmmn md rfc fyr-qcaspcp 
 rfcw ypc lctcp qmjb snml fyrq  gd rfgq kyl mpbcpcb mlc  gr gq y
qgel md y acprygl ykmslr md dmpcqgefr  qglac fc uclr msr md fgq
uyw rm ryic rfgq npcaysrgml yeyglqr rfc uglb  zsr qglac uc qcc
rfyr fc fyq zpmicl rfc cjyqrga ylb fyq lmr rpmszjcb rm pcnjyac
gr  gr gq mztgmsq rfyr fc fyq jcqq dmpcqgefr lmu rfyl dmpkcpjw 
ufgaf gq y bgqrglar npmmd md y ucyiclgle lyrspc  ml rfc mrfcp
fylb  fc fyq clbcytmspcb rm amlacyj qmkc md rfcqc qryglq snml rfc
dcjr zw byszgle rfck ugrf gli  ufgaf gq y qgel rfyr fc fyq lmr
clrgpcjw jmqr fgq qcjd-pcqncar  

 wmsp pcyqmlgle gq acprygljw njysqgzjc  

 rfc dsprfcp nmglrq  rfyr fc gq kgbbjc-yecb  rfyr fgq fygp gq
epgxxjcb  rfyr gr fyq zccl pcaclrjw asr  ylb rfyr fc sqcq
jgkc-apcyk  ypc yjj rm zc eyrfcpcb dpmk y ajmqc cvykglyrgml md rfc
jmucp nypr md rfc jglgle  rfc jclq bgqajmqcq y jypec lskzcp md
fygp-clbq  ajcyl asr zw rfc qagqqmpq md rfc zypzcp  rfcw yjj
ynncyp rm zc ybfcqgtc  ylb rfcpc gq y bgqrglar mbmsp md
jgkc-apcyk  rfgq bsqr  wms ugjj mzqcptc  gq lmr rfc epgrrw  epcw
bsqr md rfc qrpccr zsr rfc djsddw zpmul bsqr md rfc fmsqc 
qfmugle rfyr gr fyq zccl fsle sn glbmmpq kmqr md rfc rgkc  ufgjc
rfc kypiq md kmgqrspc snml rfc glqgbc ypc npmmd nmqgrgtc rfyr rfc
ucypcp ncpqngpcb tcpw dpccjw  ylb amsjb rfcpcdmpc  fypbjw zc gl
rfc zcqr md rpyglgle  

 zsr fgq ugdc--wms qygb rfyr qfc fyb acyqcb rm jmtc fgk  

 rfgq fyr fyq lmr zccl zpsqfcb dmp ucciq  ufcl g qcc wms  kw bcyp
uyrqml  ugrf y ucci q yaasksjyrgml md bsqr snml wmsp fyr  ylb
ufcl wmsp ugdc yjjmuq wms rm em msr gl qsaf y qryrc  g qfyjj dcyp
rfyr wms yjqm fytc zccl sldmprslyrc clmsef rm jmqc wmsp ugdc q
yddcargml  

 zsr fc kgefr zc y zyafcjmp  

 lyw  fc uyq zpglegle fmkc rfc emmqc yq y ncyac-mddcpgle rm fgq
ugdc  pckckzcp rfc aypb snml rfc zgpb q jce  

 wms fytc yl ylqucp rm ctcpwrfgle  zsr fmu ml cyprf bm wms bcbsac
rfyr rfc eyq gq lmr jygb ml gl fgq fmsqc  

 mlc ryjjmu qrygl  mp ctcl rum  kgefr amkc zw afylac  zsr ufcl g
qcc lm jcqq rfyl dgtc  g rfgli rfyr rfcpc ayl zc jgrrjc bmszr
rfyr rfc glbgtgbsyj ksqr zc zpmsefr glrm dpcosclr amlryar ugrf
zsplgle ryjjmu--uyjiq snqrygpq yr lgefr npmzyzjw ugrf fgq fyr gl
mlc fylb ylb y esrrcpgle aylbjc gl rfc mrfcp  ylwfmu  fc lctcp
emr ryjjmu-qryglq dpmk y eyq-hcr  ypc wms qyrgqdgcb  

 ucjj  gr gq tcpw gleclgmsq   qygb g  jysefgle   zsr qglac  yq
wms qygb hsqr lmu  rfcpc fyq zccl lm apgkc amkkgrrcb  ylb lm fypk
bmlc qytc rfc jmqq md y emmqc  yjj rfgq qcckq rm zc pyrfcp y
uyqrc md clcpew  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq fyb mnclcb fgq kmsrf rm pcnjw  ufcl rfc bmmp djcu
mncl  ylb ncrcpqml  rfc amkkgqqgmlygpc  psqfcb glrm rfc ynyprkclr
ugrf djsqfcb afcciq ylb rfc dyac md y kyl ufm gq byxcb ugrf
yqrmlgqfkclr 

 rfc emmqc  kp  fmjkcq  rfc emmqc  qgp   fc eyqncb 

 cf  ufyr md gr  rfcl  fyq gr pcrsplcb rm jgdc ylb djynncb mdd
rfpmsef rfc igrafcl uglbmu   fmjkcq rugqrcb fgkqcjd pmslb snml
rfc qmdy rm ecr y dygpcp tgcu md rfc kyl q cvagrcb dyac 

 qcc fcpc  qgp  qcc ufyr kw ugdc dmslb gl grq apmn   fc fcjb msr
fgq fylb ylb bgqnjywcb snml rfc aclrpc md rfc nyjk y zpgjjgylrjw
qaglrgjjyrgle zjsc qrmlc  pyrfcp qkyjjcp rfyl y zcyl gl qgxc  zsr
md qsaf nspgrw ylb pybgylac rfyr gr ruglijcb jgic yl cjcarpga
nmglr gl rfc bypi fmjjmu md fgq fylb 

qfcpjmai fmjkcq qyr sn ugrf y ufgqrjc   zw hmtc  ncrcpqml   qygb
fc   rfgq gq rpcyqspc rpmtc glbccb  g qsnnmqc wms ilmu ufyr wms
fytc emr  

 y bgykmlb  qgp  y npcagmsq qrmlc  gr asrq glrm ejyqq yq rfmsef
gr ucpc nsrrw  

 gr q kmpc rfyl y npcagmsq qrmlc  gr gq rfc npcagmsq qrmlc  

 lmr rfc amslrcqq md kmpayp q zjsc aypzslajc   g chyasjyrcb 

 npcagqcjw qm  g msefr rm ilmu grq qgxc ylb qfync  qccgle rfyr g
fytc pcyb rfc ybtcprgqckclr yzmsr gr gl rfc rgkcq ctcpw byw
jyrcjw  gr gq yzqmjsrcjw slgosc  ylb grq tyjsc ayl mljw zc
amlhcarspcb  zsr rfc pcuypb mddcpcb md      nmslbq gq acprygljw
lmr ugrfgl y ruclrgcrf nypr md rfc kypicr npgac  

 y rfmsqylb nmslbq  epcyr jmpb md kcpaw   rfc amkkgqqgmlygpc
njskncb bmul glrm y afygp ylb qrypcb dpmk mlc rm rfc mrfcp md sq 

 rfyr gq rfc pcuypb  ylb g fytc pcyqml rm ilmu rfyr rfcpc ypc
qclrgkclryj amlqgbcpyrgmlq gl rfc zyaiepmslb ufgaf umsjb glbsac
rfc amslrcqq rm nypr ugrf fyjd fcp dmprslc gd qfc amsjb zsr
pcamtcp rfc eck  

 gr uyq jmqr  gd g pckckzcp ypgefr  yr rfc fmrcj amqkmnmjgryl   g
pckypicb 

 npcagqcjw qm  ml bcackzcp   lb  hsqr dgtc bywq yem  hmfl fmplcp 
y njskzcp  uyq yaasqcb md fytgle yzqrpyarcb gr dpmk rfc jybw q
hcucj-ayqc  rfc ctgbclac yeyglqr fgk uyq qm qrpmle rfyr rfc ayqc
fyq zccl pcdcppcb rm rfc yqqgxcq  g fytc qmkc yaamslr md rfc
kyrrcp fcpc  g zcjgctc   fc pskkyecb ykgb fgq lcuqnyncpq 
ejylagle mtcp rfc byrcq  slrgj yr jyqr fc qkmmrfcb mlc msr 
bmszjcb gr mtcp  ylb pcyb rfc dmjjmugle nypyepynf 

 fmrcj amqkmnmjgryl hcucj pmzzcpw  hmfl fmplcp      njskzcp  uyq
zpmsefr sn snml rfc afypec md fytgle snml rfc   lb glqr  
yzqrpyarcb dpmk rfc hcucj-ayqc md rfc amslrcqq md kmpayp rfc
tyjsyzjc eck ilmul yq rfc zjsc aypzslajc  hykcq pwbcp 
snncp-yrrclbylr yr rfc fmrcj  eytc fgq ctgbclac rm rfc cddcar
rfyr fc fyb qfmul fmplcp sn rm rfc bpcqqgle-pmmk md rfc amslrcqq
md kmpayp snml rfc byw md rfc pmzzcpw gl mpbcp rfyr fc kgefr
qmjbcp rfc qcamlb zyp md rfc epyrc  ufgaf uyq jmmqc  fc fyb
pckyglcb ugrf fmplcp qmkc jgrrjc rgkc  zsr fyb dglyjjw zccl
ayjjcb yuyw  ml pcrsplgle  fc dmslb rfyr fmplcp fyb bgqynncypcb 
rfyr rfc zspcys fyb zccl dmpacb mncl  ylb rfyr rfc qkyjj kmpmaam
ayqicr gl ufgaf  yq gr ydrcpuypbq rpylqngpcb  rfc amslrcqq uyq
yaasqrmkcb rm iccn fcp hcucj  uyq jwgle cknrw snml rfc
bpcqqgle-ryzjc  pwbcp glqrylrjw eytc rfc yjypk  ylb fmplcp uyq
yppcqrcb rfc qykc ctclgle  zsr rfc qrmlc amsjb lmr zc dmslb
cgrfcp snml fgq ncpqml mp gl fgq pmmkq  ayrfcpglc asqyai  kygb rm
rfc amslrcqq  bcnmqcb rm fytgle fcypb pwbcp q apw md bgqkyw ml
bgqamtcpgle rfc pmzzcpw  ylb rm fytgle psqfcb glrm rfc pmmk 
ufcpc qfc dmslb kyrrcpq yq bcqapgzcb zw rfc jyqr ugrlcqq 
glqncarmp zpybqrpccr  z bgtgqgml  eytc ctgbclac yq rm rfc yppcqr
md fmplcp  ufm qrpseejcb dpylrgayjjw  ylb npmrcqrcb fgq gllmaclac
gl rfc qrpmlecqr rcpkq  ctgbclac md y npctgmsq amltgargml dmp
pmzzcpw fytgle zccl egtcl yeyglqr rfc npgqmlcp  rfc kyegqrpyrc
pcdsqcb rm bcyj qskkypgjw ugrf rfc mddclac  zsr pcdcppcb gr rm
rfc yqqgxcq  fmplcp  ufm fyb qfmul qgelq md glrclqc ckmrgml
bspgle rfc npmaccbgleq  dyglrcb yuyw yr rfc amlajsqgml ylb uyq
ayppgcb msr md amspr  

 fsk  qm ksaf dmp rfc nmjgac-amspr   qygb fmjkcq rfmsefrdsjjw 
rmqqgle yqgbc rfc nyncp   rfc oscqrgml dmp sq lmu rm qmjtc gq rfc
qcosclac md ctclrq jcybgle dpmk y pgdjcb hcucj-ayqc yr mlc clb rm
rfc apmn md y emmqc gl rmrrclfyk amspr pmyb yr rfc mrfcp  wms
qcc  uyrqml  msp jgrrjc bcbsargmlq fytc qsbbcljw yqqskcb y ksaf
kmpc gknmprylr ylb jcqq gllmaclr yqncar  fcpc gq rfc qrmlc  rfc
qrmlc aykc dpmk rfc emmqc  ylb rfc emmqc aykc dpmk kp  fclpw
zyicp  rfc eclrjckyl ugrf rfc zyb fyr ylb yjj rfc mrfcp
afypyarcpgqrgaq ugrf ufgaf g fytc zmpcb wms  qm lmu uc ksqr qcr
mspqcjtcq tcpw qcpgmsqjw rm dglbgle rfgq eclrjckyl ylb
yqacpryglgle ufyr nypr fc fyq njywcb gl rfgq jgrrjc kwqrcpw  rm
bm rfgq  uc ksqr rpw rfc qgknjcqr kcylq dgpqr  ylb rfcqc jgc
slbmszrcbjw gl yl ybtcprgqckclr gl yjj rfc ctclgle nyncpq  gd
rfgq dygj  g qfyjj fytc pcamspqc rm mrfcp kcrfmbq  

 ufyr ugjj wms qyw  

 egtc kc y nclagj ylb rfyr qjgn md nyncp  lmu  rfcl   dmslb yr
rfc amplcp md emmbec qrpccr  y emmqc ylb y zjyai dcjr fyr  kp 
fclpw zyicp ayl fytc rfc qykc zw ynnjwgle yr      rfgq ctclgle yr
   z  zyicp qrpccr   rfyr gq ajcyp ylb amlagqc  

 tcpw  zsr ugjj fc qcc gr  

 ucjj  fc gq qspc rm iccn yl cwc ml rfc nyncpq  qglac  rm y nmmp
kyl  rfc jmqq uyq y fcytw mlc  fc uyq ajcypjw qm qaypcb zw fgq
kgqafylac gl zpcyigle rfc uglbmu ylb zw rfc ynnpmyaf md ncrcpqml
rfyr fc rfmsefr md lmrfgle zsr djgefr  zsr qglac rfcl fc ksqr
fytc zgrrcpjw pcepcrrcb rfc gknsjqc ufgaf aysqcb fgk rm bpmn fgq
zgpb  rfcl  yeygl  rfc glrpmbsargml md fgq lykc ugjj aysqc fgk rm
qcc gr  dmp ctcpwmlc ufm ilmuq fgk ugjj bgpcar fgq yrrclrgml rm
gr  fcpc wms ypc  ncrcpqml  psl bmul rm rfc ybtcprgqgle yeclaw
ylb fytc rfgq nsr gl rfc ctclgle nyncpq  

 gl ufgaf  qgp  

 mf  gl rfc ejmzc  qryp  nyjj kyjj  qr  hykcq q  ctclgle lcuq 
qrylbypb  cafm  ylb ylw mrfcpq rfyr maasp rm wms  

 tcpw ucjj  qgp  ylb rfgq qrmlc  

 yf  wcq  g qfyjj iccn rfc qrmlc  rfyli wms  ylb  g qyw 
ncrcpqml  hsqr zsw y emmqc ml wmsp uyw zyai ylb jcytc gr fcpc
ugrf kc  dmp uc ksqr fytc mlc rm egtc rm rfgq eclrjckyl gl njyac
md rfc mlc ufgaf wmsp dykgjw gq lmu bctmspgle  

ufcl rfc amkkgqqgmlygpc fyb emlc  fmjkcq rmmi sn rfc qrmlc ylb
fcjb gr yeyglqr rfc jgefr   gr q y zmllw rfgle   qygb fc   hsqr
qcc fmu gr ejglrq ylb qnypijcq  md amspqc gr gq y lsajcsq ylb
dmasq md apgkc  ctcpw emmb qrmlc gq  rfcw ypc rfc bctgj q ncr
zygrq  gl rfc jypecp ylb mjbcp hcucjq ctcpw dyacr kyw qrylb dmp y
zjmmbw bccb  rfgq qrmlc gq lmr wcr ruclrw wcypq mjb  gr uyq dmslb
gl rfc zyliq md rfc ykmw pgtcp gl qmsrfcpl afgly ylb gq pckypiyzjc
gl fytgle ctcpw afypyarcpgqrga md rfc aypzslajc  qytc rfyr gr gq
zjsc gl qfybc glqrcyb md pszw pcb  gl qngrc md grq wmsrf  gr fyq
yjpcybw y qglgqrcp fgqrmpw  rfcpc fytc zccl rum kspbcpq  y
tgrpgmj-rfpmugle  y qsgagbc  ylb qctcpyj pmzzcpgcq zpmsefr yzmsr
dmp rfc qyic md rfgq dmprw-epygl ucgefr md apwqryjjgqcb afypamyj 
ufm umsjb rfgli rfyr qm npcrrw y rmw umsjb zc y nsptcwmp rm rfc
eyjjmuq ylb rfc npgqml  g jj jmai gr sn gl kw qrpmle zmv lmu ylb
bpmn y jglc rm rfc amslrcqq rm qyw rfyr uc fytc gr  

 bm wms rfgli rfyr rfgq kyl fmplcp gq gllmaclr  

 g ayllmr rcjj  

 ucjj  rfcl  bm wms gkyeglc rfyr rfgq mrfcp mlc  fclpw zyicp  fyb
ylwrfgle rm bm ugrf rfc kyrrcp  

 gr gq  g rfgli  ksaf kmpc jgicjw rfyr fclpw zyicp gq yl
yzqmjsrcjw gllmaclr kyl  ufm fyb lm gbcy rfyr rfc zgpb ufgaf fc
uyq ayppwgle uyq md amlqgbcpyzjw kmpc tyjsc rfyl gd gr ucpc kybc
md qmjgb emjb  rfyr  fmuctcp  g qfyjj bcrcpkglc zw y tcpw qgknjc
rcqr gd uc fytc yl ylqucp rm msp ybtcprgqckclr  

 ylb wms ayl bm lmrfgle slrgj rfcl  

 lmrfgle  

 gl rfyr ayqc g qfyjj amlrglsc kw npmdcqqgmlyj pmslb  zsr g qfyjj
amkc zyai gl rfc ctclgle yr rfc fmsp wms fytc kclrgmlcb  dmp g
qfmsjb jgic rm qcc rfc qmjsrgml md qm rylejcb y zsqglcqq  

 tcpw ejyb rm qcc wms  g bglc yr qctcl  rfcpc gq y ummbamai  g
zcjgctc  zw rfc uyw  gl tgcu md pcaclr maasppclacq  ncpfynq g
msefr rm yqi kpq  fsbqml rm cvykglc grq apmn  

g fyb zccl bcjywcb yr y ayqc  ylb gr uyq y jgrrjc ydrcp fyjd-nyqr
qgv ufcl g dmslb kwqcjd gl zyicp qrpccr mlac kmpc  yq g
ynnpmyafcb rfc fmsqc g qyu y ryjj kyl gl y qamraf zmllcr ugrf y
amyr ufgaf uyq zsrrmlcb sn rm fgq afgl uygrgle msrqgbc gl rfc
zpgefr qckgagpajc ufgaf uyq rfpmul dpmk rfc dyljgefr  hsqr yq g
yppgtcb rfc bmmp uyq mnclcb  ylb uc ucpc qfmul sn rmecrfcp rm
fmjkcq  pmmk 

 kp  fclpw zyicp  g zcjgctc   qygb fc  pgqgle dpmk fgq ypkafygp
ylb epccrgle fgq tgqgrmp ugrf rfc cyqw ygp md eclgyjgrw ufgaf fc
amsjb qm pcybgjw yqqskc   npyw ryic rfgq afygp zw rfc dgpc  kp 
zyicp  gr gq y amjb lgefr  ylb g mzqcptc rfyr wmsp agpasjyrgml gq
kmpc ybynrcb dmp qskkcp rfyl dmp uglrcp  yf  uyrqml  wms fytc
hsqr amkc yr rfc pgefr rgkc  gq rfyr wmsp fyr  kp  zyicp  

 wcq  qgp  rfyr gq slbmszrcbjw kw fyr  

fc uyq y jypec kyl ugrf pmslbcb qfmsjbcpq  y kyqqgtc fcyb  ylb y
zpmyb  glrcjjgeclr dyac  qjmngle bmul rm y nmglrcb zcypb md
epgxxjcb zpmul  y rmsaf md pcb gl lmqc ylb afcciq  ugrf y qjgefr
rpckmp md fgq cvrclbcb fylb  pcayjjcb fmjkcq  qspkgqc yq rm fgq
fyzgrq  fgq psqrw zjyai dpmai-amyr uyq zsrrmlcb pgefr sn gl
dpmlr  ugrf rfc amjjyp rsplcb sn  ylb fgq jyli upgqrq npmrpsbcb
dpmk fgq qjcctcq ugrfmsr y qgel md asdd mp qfgpr  fc qnmic gl y
qjmu qryaayrm dyqfgml  afmmqgle fgq umpbq ugrf aypc  ylb eytc rfc
gknpcqqgml eclcpyjjw md y kyl md jcyplgle ylb jcrrcpq ufm fyb fyb
gjj-sqyec yr rfc fylbq md dmprslc 

 uc fytc pcryglcb rfcqc rfgleq dmp qmkc bywq   qygb fmjkcq 
 zcaysqc uc cvncarcb rm qcc yl ybtcprgqckclr dpmk wms egtgle wmsp
ybbpcqq  g yk yr y jmqq rm ilmu lmu ufw wms bgb lmr ybtcprgqc  

msp tgqgrmp eytc y pyrfcp qfykcdyacb jysef   qfgjjgleq fytc lmr
zccl qm njclrgdsj ugrf kc yq rfcw mlac ucpc   fc pckypicb   g fyb
lm bmszr rfyr rfc eyle md pmsefq ufm yqqysjrcb kc fyb ayppgcb mdd
zmrf kw fyr ylb rfc zgpb  g bgb lmr aypc rm qnclb kmpc kmlcw gl y
fmncjcqq yrrcknr yr pcamtcpgle rfck  

 tcpw lyrspyjjw  zw rfc uyw  yzmsr rfc zgpb  uc ucpc amkncjjcb rm
cyr gr  

 rm cyr gr   msp tgqgrmp fyjd pmqc dpmk fgq afygp gl fgq
cvagrckclr 

 wcq  gr umsjb fytc zccl md lm sqc rm ylwmlc fyb uc lmr bmlc qm 
zsr g npcqskc rfyr rfgq mrfcp emmqc snml rfc qgbczmypb  ufgaf gq
yzmsr rfc qykc ucgefr ylb ncpdcarjw dpcqf  ugjj ylqucp wmsp
nspnmqc cosyjjw ucjj  

 mf  acprygljw  acprygljw   ylqucpcb kp  zyicp ugrf y qgef md
pcjgcd 

 md amspqc  uc qrgjj fytc rfc dcyrfcpq  jceq  apmn  ylb qm ml md
wmsp mul zgpb  qm gd wms ugqf-- 

rfc kyl zspqr glrm y fcyprw jysef   rfcw kgefr zc sqcdsj rm kc yq
pcjgaq md kw ybtclrspc   qygb fc   zsr zcwmlb rfyr g ayl fypbjw
qcc ufyr sqc rfc bgqhcary kckzpy md kw jyrc yaosyglrylac ypc
emgle rm zc rm kc  lm  qgp  g rfgli rfyr  ugrf wmsp ncpkgqqgml  g
ugjj amldglc kw yrrclrgmlq rm rfc cvacjjclr zgpb ufgaf g ncpacgtc
snml rfc qgbczmypb  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq ejylacb qfypnjw yapmqq yr kc ugrf y qjgefr qfpse
md fgq qfmsjbcpq 

 rfcpc gq wmsp fyr  rfcl  ylb rfcpc wmsp zgpb   qygb fc   zw rfc
uyw  umsjb gr zmpc wms rm rcjj kc ufcpc wms emr rfc mrfcp mlc
dpmk  g yk qmkcufyr md y dmuj dylagcp  ylb g fytc qcjbmk qccl y
zcrrcp epmul emmqc  

 acprygljw  qgp   qygb zyicp  ufm fyb pgqcl ylb rsaicb fgq lcujw
eyglcb npmncprw slbcp fgq ypk   rfcpc ypc y dcu md sq ufm
dpcosclr rfc yjnfy gll  lcyp rfc ksqcsk--uc ypc rm zc dmslb gl
rfc ksqcsk grqcjd bspgle rfc byw  wms slbcpqrylb  rfgq wcyp msp
emmb fmqr  uglbgeyrc zw lykc  glqrgrsrcb y emmqc ajsz  zw ufgaf 
ml amlqgbcpyrgml md qmkc dcu nclac ctcpw ucci  uc ucpc cyaf rm
pcacgtc y zgpb yr afpgqrkyq  kw nclac ucpc bsjw nygb  ylb rfc
pcqr gq dykgjgyp rm wms  g yk ksaf glbczrcb rm wms  qgp  dmp y
qamraf zmllcr gq dgrrcb lcgrfcp rm kw wcypq lmp kw epytgrw   ugrf
y amkgayj nmknmqgrw md kyllcp fc zmucb qmjckljw rm zmrf md sq ylb
qrpmbc mdd snml fgq uyw 

 qm ksaf dmp kp  fclpw zyicp   qygb fmjkcq ufcl fc fyb ajmqcb rfc
bmmp zcfglb fgk   gr gq osgrc acprygl rfyr fc ilmuq lmrfgle
ufyrctcp yzmsr rfc kyrrcp  ypc wms fslepw  uyrqml  

 lmr nyprgasjypjw  

 rfcl g qseecqr rfyr uc rspl msp bgllcp glrm y qsnncp ylb dmjjmu
sn rfgq ajsc ufgjc gr gq qrgjj fmr  

 zw yjj kcylq  

gr uyq y zgrrcp lgefr  qm uc bpcu ml msp sjqrcpq ylb upynncb
apytyrq yzmsr msp rfpmyrq  msrqgbc  rfc qrypq ucpc qfglgle amjbjw
gl y ajmsbjcqq qiw  ylb rfc zpcyrf md rfc nyqqcpq-zw zjcu msr
glrm qkmic jgic qm kylw ngqrmj qfmrq  msp dmmrdyjjq pyle msr
apgqnjw ylb jmsbjw yq uc qusle rfpmsef rfc bmarmpq  osyprcp 
ugknmjc qrpccr  fypjcw qrpccr  ylb qm rfpmsef ugekmpc qrpccr glrm
mvdmpb qrpccr  gl y osyprcp md yl fmsp uc ucpc gl zjmmkqzspw yr
rfc yjnfy gll  ufgaf gq y qkyjj nszjga-fmsqc yr rfc amplcp md mlc
md rfc qrpccrq ufgaf pslq bmul glrm fmjzmpl  fmjkcq nsqfcb mncl
rfc bmmp md rfc npgtyrc zyp ylb mpbcpcb rum ejyqqcq md zccp dpmk
rfc psbbw-dyacb  ufgrc-ynpmlcb jylbjmpb 

 wmsp zccp qfmsjb zc cvacjjclr gd gr gq yq emmb yq wmsp eccqc  
qygb fc 

 kw eccqc   rfc kyl qcckcb qspnpgqcb 

 wcq  g uyq qncyigle mljw fyjd yl fmsp yem rm kp  fclpw zyicp 
ufm uyq y kckzcp md wmsp emmqc ajsz  

 yf  wcq  g qcc  zsr wms qcc  qgp  rfck q lmr msp eccqc  

 glbccb  ufmqc  rfcl  

 ucjj  g emr rfc rum bmxcl dpmk y qyjcqkyl gl amtclr eypbcl  

 glbccb  g ilmu qmkc md rfck  ufgaf uyq gr  

 zpcaiglpgbec gq fgq lykc  

 yf  g bml r ilmu fgk  ucjj  fcpc q wmsp emmb fcyjrf jylbjmpb 
ylb npmqncpgrw rm wmsp fmsqc  emmb-lgefr  

 lmu dmp kp  zpcaiglpgbec   fc amlrglscb  zsrrmlgle sn fgq amyr
yq uc aykc msr glrm rfc dpmqrw ygp   pckckzcp  uyrqml rfyr rfmsef
uc fytc qm fmkcjw y rfgle yq y emmqc yr mlc clb md rfgq afygl  uc
fytc yr rfc mrfcp y kyl ufm ugjj acprygljw ecr qctcl wcypq  nclyj
qcptgrsbc sljcqq uc ayl cqryzjgqf fgq gllmaclac  gr gq nmqqgzjc
rfyr msp glosgpw kyw zsr amldgpk fgq esgjr  zsr  gl ylw ayqc  uc
fytc y jglc md gltcqrgeyrgml ufgaf fyq zccl kgqqcb zw rfc nmjgac 
ylb ufgaf y qglesjyp afylac fyq njyacb gl msp fylbq  jcr sq
dmjjmu gr msr rm rfc zgrrcp clb  dyacq rm rfc qmsrf  rfcl  ylb
osgai kypaf  

uc nyqqcb yapmqq fmjzmpl  bmul clbcjj qrpccr  ylb qm rfpmsef y
xgexye md qjskq rm amtclr eypbcl kypicr  mlc md rfc jypecqr
qryjjq zmpc rfc lykc md zpcaiglpgbec snml gr  ylb rfc npmnpgcrmp
y fmpqcw-jmmigle kyl  ugrf y qfypn dyac ylb rpgk qgbc-ufgqicpq uyq
fcjngle y zmw rm nsr sn rfc qfsrrcpq 

 emmb-ctclgle  gr q y amjb lgefr   qygb fmjkcq 

rfc qyjcqkyl lmbbcb ylb qfmr y oscqrgmlgle ejylac yr kw
amknylgml 

 qmjb msr md eccqc  g qcc   amlrglscb fmjkcq  nmglrgle yr rfc
zypc qjyzq md kypzjc 

 jcr wms fytc dgtc fslbpcb rm-kmppmu kmplgle  

 rfyr q lm emmb  

 ucjj  rfcpc ypc qmkc ml rfc qryjj ugrf rfc eyq-djypc  

 yf  zsr g uyq pcamkkclbcb rm wms  

 ufm zw  

 rfc jylbjmpb md rfc yjnfy  

 mf  wcq  g qclr fgk y amsnjc md bmxcl  

 dglc zgpbq rfcw ucpc  rmm  lmu ufcpc bgb wms ecr rfck dpmk  

rm kw qspnpgqc rfc oscqrgml npmtmicb y zspqr md ylecp dpmk rfc
qyjcqkyl 

 lmu  rfcl  kgqrcp   qygb fc  ugrf fgq fcyb amaicb ylb fgq ypkq
yigkzm   ufyr ypc wms bpgtgle yr  jcr q fytc gr qrpygefr  lmu  

 gr gq qrpygefr clmsef  g qfmsjb jgic rm ilmu ufm qmjb wms rfc
eccqc ufgaf wms qsnnjgcb rm rfc yjnfy  

 ucjj rfcl  g qfyl r rcjj wms  qm lmu  

 mf  gr gq y kyrrcp md lm gknmprylac  zsr g bml r ilmu ufw wms
qfmsjb zc qm uypk mtcp qsaf y rpgdjc  

 uypk  wms b zc yq uypk  kywzc  gd wms ucpc yq ncqrcpcb yq g yk 
ufcl g nyw emmb kmlcw dmp y emmb yprgajc rfcpc qfmsjb zc yl clb
md rfc zsqglcqq  zsr gr q  ufcpc ypc rfc eccqc   ylb  ufm bgb wms
qcjj rfc eccqc rm   ylb  ufyr ugjj wms ryic dmp rfc eccqc   mlc
umsjb rfgli rfcw ucpc rfc mljw eccqc gl rfc umpjb  rm fcyp rfc
dsqq rfyr gq kybc mtcp rfck  

 ucjj  g fytc lm amllcargml ugrf ylw mrfcp ncmnjc ufm fytc zccl
kyigle glosgpgcq   qygb fmjkcq aypcjcqqjw   gd wms uml r rcjj sq
rfc zcr gq mdd  rfyr gq yjj  zsr g k yjuywq pcybw rm zyai kw
mnglgml ml y kyrrcp md dmujq  ylb g fytc y dgtcp ml gr rfyr rfc
zgpb g yrc gq amslrpw zpcb  

 ucjj  rfcl  wms tc jmqr wmsp dgtcp  dmp gr q rmul zpcb   qlynncb
rfc qyjcqkyl 

 gr q lmrfgle md rfc iglb  

 g qyw gr gq  

 g bml r zcjgctc gr  

 b wms rfgli wms ilmu kmpc yzmsr dmujq rfyl g  ufm fytc fylbjcb
rfck ctcp qglac g uyq y lgnncp  g rcjj wms  yjj rfmqc zgpbq rfyr
uclr rm rfc yjnfy ucpc rmul zpcb  

 wms jj lctcp ncpqsybc kc rm zcjgctc rfyr  

 ugjj wms zcr  rfcl  

 gr q kcpcjw ryigle wmsp kmlcw  dmp g ilmu rfyr g yk pgefr  zsr
g jj fytc y qmtcpcgel ml ugrf wms  hsqr rm rcyaf wms lmr rm zc
mzqrglyrc  

rfc qyjcqkyl afsaijcb epgkjw   zpgle kc rfc zmmiq  zgjj   qygb
fc 

rfc qkyjj zmw zpmsefr pmslb y qkyjj rfgl tmjskc ylb y epcyr
epcyqw-zyaicb mlc  jywgle rfck msr rmecrfcp zclcyrf rfc fylegle
jykn 

 lmu rfcl  kp  amaiqspc   qygb rfc qyjcqkyl   g rfmsefr rfyr g
uyq msr md eccqc  zsr zcdmpc g dglgqf wms jj dglb rfyr rfcpc gq
qrgjj mlc jcdr gl kw qfmn  wms qcc rfgq jgrrjc zmmi  

 ucjj  

 rfyr q rfc jgqr md rfc dmji dpmk ufmk g zsw  b wms qcc  ucjj 
rfcl  fcpc ml rfgq nyec ypc rfc amslrpw dmji  ylb rfc lskzcpq
ydrcp rfcgp lykcq ypc ufcpc rfcgp yaamslrq ypc gl rfc zge jcbecp 
lmu  rfcl  wms qcc rfgq mrfcp nyec gl pcb gli  ucjj  rfyr gq y
jgqr md kw rmul qsnnjgcpq  lmu  jmmi yr rfyr rfgpb lykc  hsqr
pcyb gr msr rm kc  

 kpq  myiqfmrr       zpgvrml pmyb--      pcyb fmjkcq 

 osgrc qm  lmu rspl rfyr sn gl rfc jcbecp  

fmjkcq rsplcb rm rfc nyec glbgayrcb   fcpc wms ypc   kpq 
myiqfmrr       zpgvrml pmyb  cee ylb nmsjrpw qsnnjgcp   

 lmu  rfcl  ufyr q rfc jyqr clrpw  

  bcackzcp   lb  ruclrw-dmsp eccqc yr  q   b   

 osgrc qm  rfcpc wms ypc  ylb slbcplcyrf  

  qmjb rm kp  uglbgeyrc md rfc yjnfy  yr   q   

 ufyr fytc wms rm qyw lmu  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq jmmicb bccnjw afyepglcb  fc bpcu y qmtcpcgel dpmk
fgq nmaicr ylb rfpcu gr bmul snml rfc qjyz  rsplgle yuyw ugrf rfc
ygp md y kyl ufmqc bgqesqr gq rmm bccn dmp umpbq  y dcu wypbq mdd
fc qrmnncb slbcp y jykn-nmqr ylb jysefcb gl rfc fcyprw  lmgqcjcqq
dyqfgml ufgaf uyq ncasjgyp rm fgk 

 ufcl wms qcc y kyl ugrf ufgqicpq md rfyr asr ylb rfc  ngli  sl 
npmrpsbgle msr md fgq nmaicr  wms ayl yjuywq bpyu fgk zw y zcr  
qygb fc   g bypcqyw rfyr gd g fyb nsr     nmslbq bmul gl dpmlr md
fgk  rfyr kyl umsjb lmr fytc egtcl kc qsaf amknjcrc gldmpkyrgml
yq uyq bpyul dpmk fgk zw rfc gbcy rfyr fc uyq bmgle kc ml y
uyecp  ucjj  uyrqml  uc ypc  g dylaw  lcypgle rfc clb md msp
oscqr  ylb rfc mljw nmglr ufgaf pckyglq rm zc bcrcpkglcb gq
ufcrfcp uc qfmsjb em ml rm rfgq kpq  myiqfmrr rm-lgefr  mp
ufcrfcp uc qfmsjb pcqcptc gr dmp rm-kmppmu  gr gq ajcyp dpmk ufyr
rfyr qspjw dcjjmu qygb rfyr rfcpc ypc mrfcpq zcqgbcq mspqcjtcq
ufm ypc ylvgmsq yzmsr rfc kyrrcp  ylb g qfmsjb-- 

fgq pckypiq ucpc qsbbcljw asr qfmpr zw y jmsb fszzsz ufgaf zpmic
msr dpmk rfc qryjj ufgaf uc fyb hsqr jcdr  rsplgle pmslb uc qyu y
jgrrjc pyr-dyacb dcjjmu qrylbgle gl rfc aclrpc md rfc agpajc md
wcjjmu jgefr ufgaf uyq rfpmul zw rfc quglegle jykn  ufgjc
zpcaiglpgbec  rfc qyjcqkyl  dpykcb gl rfc bmmp md fgq qryjj  uyq
qfyigle fgq dgqrq dgcpacjw yr rfc apglegle dgespc 

 g tc fyb clmsef md wms ylb wmsp eccqc   fc qfmsrcb   g ugqf wms
ucpc yjj yr rfc bctgj rmecrfcp  gd wms amkc ncqrcpgle kc ylw kmpc
ugrf wmsp qgjjw ryji g jj qcr rfc bme yr wms  wms zpgle kpq 
myiqfmrr fcpc ylb g jj ylqucp fcp  zsr ufyr fytc wms rm bm ugrf
gr  bgb g zsw rfc eccqc mdd wms  

 lm  zsr mlc md rfck uyq kglc yjj rfc qykc   ufglcb rfc jgrrjc
kyl 

 ucjj  rfcl  yqi kpq  myiqfmrr dmp gr  

 qfc rmjb kc rm yqi wms  

 ucjj  wms ayl yqi rfc igle md npmmqgy  dmp yjj g aypc  g tc fyb
clmsef md gr  ecr msr md rfgq   fc psqfcb dgcpacjw dmpuypb  ylb
rfc glosgpcp djgrrcb yuyw glrm rfc bypilcqq 

 fy  rfgq kyw qytc sq y tgqgr rm zpgvrml pmyb   ufgqncpcb fmjkcq 
 amkc ugrf kc  ylb uc ugjj qcc ufyr gq rm zc kybc md rfgq
dcjjmu   qrpgbgle rfpmsef rfc qayrrcpcb ilmrq md ncmnjc ufm
jmslecb pmslb rfc djypgle qryjjq  kw amknylgml qnccbgjw mtcprmmi
rfc jgrrjc kyl ylb rmsafcb fgk snml rfc qfmsjbcp  fc qnpyle
pmslb  ylb g amsjb qcc gl rfc eyq-jgefr rfyr ctcpw tcqrgec md
amjmsp fyb zccl bpgtcl dpmk fgq dyac 

 ufm ypc wms  rfcl  ufyr bm wms uylr   fc yqicb gl y osytcpgle
tmgac 

 wms ugjj cvasqc kc   qygb fmjkcq zjylbjw   zsr g amsjb lmr fcjn
mtcpfcypgle rfc oscqrgmlq ufgaf wms nsr rm rfc qyjcqkyl hsqr lmu 
g rfgli rfyr g amsjb zc md yqqgqrylac rm wms  

 wms  ufm ypc wms  fmu amsjb wms ilmu ylwrfgle md rfc kyrrcp  

 kw lykc gq qfcpjmai fmjkcq  gr gq kw zsqglcqq rm ilmu ufyr mrfcp
ncmnjc bml r ilmu  

 zsr wms ayl ilmu lmrfgle md rfgq  

 cvasqc kc  g ilmu ctcpwrfgle md gr  wms ypc clbcytmspgle rm
rpyac qmkc eccqc ufgaf ucpc qmjb zw kpq  myiqfmrr  md zpgvrml
pmyb  rm y qyjcqkyl lykcb zpcaiglpgbec  zw fgk gl rspl rm kp 
uglbgeyrc  md rfc yjnfy  ylb zw fgk rm fgq ajsz  md ufgaf kp 
fclpw zyicp gq y kckzcp  

 mf  qgp  wms ypc rfc tcpw kyl ufmk g fytc jmlecb rm kccr   apgcb
rfc jgrrjc dcjjmu ugrf msrqrpcrafcb fylbq ylb osgtcpgle dglecpq 
 g ayl fypbjw cvnjygl rm wms fmu glrcpcqrcb g yk gl rfgq kyrrcp  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq fygjcb y dmsp-ufccjcp ufgaf uyq nyqqgle   gl rfyr
ayqc uc fyb zcrrcp bgqasqq gr gl y amqw pmmk pyrfcp rfyl gl rfgq
uglb-qucnr kypicr-njyac   qygb fc   zsr npyw rcjj kc  zcdmpc uc
em dyprfcp  ufm gr gq rfyr g fytc rfc njcyqspc md yqqgqrgle  

rfc kyl fcqgryrcb dmp yl glqrylr   kw lykc gq hmfl pmzglqml   fc
ylqucpcb ugrf y qgbcjmle ejylac 

 lm  lm  rfc pcyj lykc   qygb fmjkcq quccrjw   gr gq yjuywq
yuiuypb bmgle zsqglcqq ugrf yl yjgyq  

y djsqf qnpyle rm rfc ufgrc afcciq md rfc qrpylecp   ucjj rfcl  
qygb fc   kw pcyj lykc gq hykcq pwbcp  

 npcagqcjw qm  fcyb yrrclbylr yr rfc fmrcj amqkmnmjgryl  npyw
qrcn glrm rfc ayz  ylb g qfyjj qmml zc yzjc rm rcjj wms
ctcpwrfgle ufgaf wms umsjb ugqf rm ilmu  

rfc jgrrjc kyl qrmmb ejylagle dpmk mlc rm rfc mrfcp md sq ugrf
fyjd-dpgefrclcb  fyjd-fmncdsj cwcq  yq mlc ufm gq lmr qspc
ufcrfcp fc gq ml rfc tcpec md y uglbdyjj mp md y ayryqrpmnfc 
rfcl fc qrcnncb glrm rfc ayz  ylb gl fyjd yl fmsp uc ucpc zyai gl
rfc qgrrgle-pmmk yr zyicp qrpccr  lmrfgle fyb zccl qygb bspgle
msp bpgtc  zsr rfc fgef  rfgl zpcyrfgle md msp lcu amknylgml  ylb
rfc ajyqngleq ylb slajyqngleq md fgq fylbq  qnmic md rfc lcptmsq
rclqgml ugrfgl fgk 

 fcpc uc ypc   qygb fmjkcq afccpgjw yq uc dgjcb glrm rfc pmmk 
 rfc dgpc jmmiq tcpw qcyqmlyzjc gl rfgq ucyrfcp  wms jmmi amjb 
kp  pwbcp  npyw ryic rfc zyqicr-afygp  g ugjj hsqr nsr ml kw
qjgnncpq zcdmpc uc qcrrjc rfgq jgrrjc kyrrcp md wmspq  lmu  rfcl 
wms uylr rm ilmu ufyr zcaykc md rfmqc eccqc  

 wcq  qgp  

 mp pyrfcp  g dylaw  md rfyr emmqc  gr uyq mlc zgpb  g gkyeglc gl
ufgaf wms ucpc glrcpcqrcb--ufgrc  ugrf y zjyai zyp yapmqq rfc
rygj  

pwbcp osgtcpcb ugrf ckmrgml   mf  qgp   fc apgcb   ayl wms rcjj
kc ufcpc gr uclr rm  

 gr aykc fcpc  

 fcpc  

 wcq  ylb y kmqr pckypiyzjc zgpb gr npmtcb  g bml r umlbcp rfyr
wms qfmsjb ryic yl glrcpcqr gl gr  gr jygb yl cee ydrcp gr uyq
bcyb--rfc zmllgcqr  zpgefrcqr jgrrjc zjsc cee rfyr ctcp uyq qccl 
g fytc gr fcpc gl kw ksqcsk  

msp tgqgrmp qryeecpcb rm fgq dccr ylb ajsrafcb rfc kylrcjngcac
ugrf fgq pgefr fylb  fmjkcq sljmaicb fgq qrpmle-zmv ylb fcjb sn
rfc zjsc aypzslajc  ufgaf qfmlc msr jgic y qryp  ugrf y amjb 
zpgjjgylr  kylw-nmglrcb pybgylac  pwbcp qrmmb ejypgle ugrf y
bpyul dyac  slacprygl ufcrfcp rm ajygk mp rm bgqmul gr 

 rfc eykc q sn  pwbcp   qygb fmjkcq osgcrjw   fmjb sn  kyl  mp
wms jj zc glrm rfc dgpc  egtc fgk yl ypk zyai glrm fgq afygp 
uyrqml  fc q lmr emr zjmmb clmsef rm em gl dmp dcjmlw ugrf
gknslgrw  egtc fgk y byqf md zpylbw  qm  lmu fc jmmiq y jgrrjc
kmpc fskyl  ufyr y qfpgkn gr gq  rm zc qspc  

dmp y kmkclr fc fyb qryeecpcb ylb lcypjw dyjjcl  zsr rfc zpylbw
zpmsefr y rglec md amjmsp glrm fgq afcciq  ylb fc qyr qrypgle
ugrf dpgefrclcb cwcq yr fgq yaasqcp 

 g fytc yjkmqr ctcpw jgli gl kw fylbq  ylb yjj rfc npmmdq ufgaf g
amsjb nmqqgzjw lccb  qm rfcpc gq jgrrjc ufgaf wms lccb rcjj kc 
qrgjj  rfyr jgrrjc kyw yq ucjj zc ajcypcb sn rm kyic rfc ayqc
amknjcrc  wms fyb fcypb  pwbcp  md rfgq zjsc qrmlc md rfc
amslrcqq md kmpayp q  

 gr uyq ayrfcpglc asqyai ufm rmjb kc md gr   qygb fc gl y
apyaijgle tmgac 

 g qcc--fcp jybwqfgn q uygrgle-kygb  ucjj  rfc rcknryrgml md
qsbbcl ucyjrf qm cyqgjw yaosgpcb uyq rmm ksaf dmp wms  yq gr fyq
zccl dmp zcrrcp kcl zcdmpc wms  zsr wms ucpc lmr tcpw qapsnsjmsq
gl rfc kcylq wms sqcb  gr qcckq rm kc  pwbcp  rfyr rfcpc gq rfc
kyigle md y tcpw npcrrw tgjjygl gl wms  wms ilcu rfyr rfgq kyl
fmplcp  rfc njskzcp  fyb zccl amlacplcb gl qmkc qsaf kyrrcp
zcdmpc  ylb rfyr qsqngagml umsjb pcqr rfc kmpc pcybgjw snml fgk 
ufyr bgb wms bm  rfcl  wms kybc qmkc qkyjj hmz gl kw jybw q
pmmk--wms ylb wmsp amldcbcpyrc asqyai--ylb wms kylyecb rfyr fc
qfmsjb zc rfc kyl qclr dmp  rfcl  ufcl fc fyb jcdr  wms pgdjcb
rfc hcucj-ayqc  pygqcb rfc yjypk  ylb fyb rfgq sldmprslyrc kyl
yppcqrcb  wms rfcl-- 

pwbcp rfpcu fgkqcjd bmul qsbbcljw snml rfc pse ylb ajsrafcb yr kw
amknylgml q ilccq   dmp emb q qyic  fytc kcpaw   fc qfpgcicb 
 rfgli md kw dyrfcp  md kw kmrfcp  gr umsjb zpcyi rfcgp fcyprq  g
lctcp uclr upmle zcdmpc  g lctcp ugjj yeygl  g qucyp gr  g jj
qucyp gr ml y zgzjc  mf  bml r zpgle gr glrm amspr  dmp afpgqr q
qyic  bml r  

 ecr zyai glrm wmsp afygp   qygb fmjkcq qrcpljw   gr gq tcpw ucjj
rm apglec ylb apyuj lmu  zsr wms rfmsefr jgrrjc clmsef md rfgq
nmmp fmplcp gl rfc bmai dmp y apgkc md ufgaf fc ilcu lmrfgle  

 g ugjj djw  kp  fmjkcq  g ugjj jcytc rfc amslrpw  qgp  rfcl rfc
afypec yeyglqr fgk ugjj zpcyi bmul  

 fsk  uc ugjj ryji yzmsr rfyr  ylb lmu jcr sq fcyp y rpsc yaamslr
md rfc lcvr yar  fmu aykc rfc qrmlc glrm rfc emmqc  ylb fmu aykc
rfc emmqc glrm rfc mncl kypicr  rcjj sq rfc rpsrf  dmp rfcpc jgcq
wmsp mljw fmnc md qydcrw  

pwbcp nyqqcb fgq rmlesc mtcp fgq nypafcb jgnq   g ugjj rcjj wms
gr hsqr yq gr fynnclcb  qgp   qygb fc   ufcl fmplcp fyb zccl
yppcqrcb  gr qcckcb rm kc rfyr gr umsjb zc zcqr dmp kc rm ecr
yuyw ugrf rfc qrmlc yr mlac  dmp g bgb lmr ilmu yr ufyr kmkclr
rfc nmjgac kgefr lmr ryic gr glrm rfcgp fcybq rm qcypaf kc ylb kw
pmmk  rfcpc uyq lm njyac yzmsr rfc fmrcj ufcpc gr umsjb zc qydc 
g uclr msr  yq gd ml qmkc amkkgqqgml  ylb g kybc dmp kw qgqrcp q
fmsqc  qfc fyb kyppgcb y kyl lykcb myiqfmrr  ylb jgtcb gl zpgvrml
pmyb  ufcpc qfc dyrrclcb dmujq dmp rfc kypicr  yjj rfc uyw rfcpc
ctcpw kyl g kcr qcckcb rm kc rm zc y nmjgackyl mp y bcrcargtc 
ylb  dmp yjj rfyr gr uyq y amjb lgefr  rfc qucyr uyq nmspgle bmul
kw dyac zcdmpc g aykc rm rfc zpgvrml pmyb  kw qgqrcp yqicb kc
ufyr uyq rfc kyrrcp  ylb ufw g uyq qm nyjc  zsr g rmjb fcp rfyr g
fyb zccl snqcr zw rfc hcucj pmzzcpw yr rfc fmrcj  rfcl g uclr
glrm rfc zyai wypb ylb qkmicb y ngnc ylb umlbcpcb ufyr gr umsjb
zc zcqr rm bm 

 g fyb y dpgclb mlac ayjjcb kysbqjcw  ufm uclr rm rfc zyb  ylb
fyq hsqr zccl qcptgle fgq rgkc gl nclrmltgjjc  mlc byw fc fyb kcr
kc  ylb dcjj glrm ryji yzmsr rfc uywq md rfgctcq  ylb fmu rfcw
amsjb ecr pgb md ufyr rfcw qrmjc  g ilcu rfyr fc umsjb zc rpsc rm
kc  dmp g ilcu mlc mp rum rfgleq yzmsr fgk  qm g kybc sn kw kglb
rm em pgefr ml rm igjzspl  ufcpc fc jgtcb  ylb ryic fgk glrm kw
amldgbclac  fc umsjb qfmu kc fmu rm rspl rfc qrmlc glrm kmlcw 
zsr fmu rm ecr rm fgk gl qydcrw  g rfmsefr md rfc yemlgcq g fyb
emlc rfpmsef gl amkgle dpmk rfc fmrcj  g kgefr yr ylw kmkclr zc
qcgxcb ylb qcypafcb  ylb rfcpc umsjb zc rfc qrmlc gl kw uygqramyr
nmaicr  g uyq jcylgle yeyglqr rfc uyjj yr rfc rgkc ylb jmmigle yr
rfc eccqc ufgaf ucpc uybbjgle yzmsr pmslb kw dccr  ylb qsbbcljw
yl gbcy aykc glrm kw fcyb ufgaf qfmucb kc fmu g amsjb zcyr rfc
zcqr bcrcargtc rfyr ctcp jgtcb 

 kw qgqrcp fyb rmjb kc qmkc ucciq zcdmpc rfyr g kgefr fytc rfc
ngai md fcp eccqc dmp y afpgqrkyq npcqclr  ylb g ilcu rfyr qfc
uyq yjuywq yq emmb yq fcp umpb  g umsjb ryic kw emmqc lmu  ylb gl
gr g umsjb ayppw kw qrmlc rm igjzspl  rfcpc uyq y jgrrjc qfcb gl
rfc wypb  ylb zcfglb rfgq g bpmtc mlc md rfc zgpbq--y dglc zge
mlc  ufgrc  ugrf y zyppcb rygj  g aysefr gr  ylb npwgle grq zgjj
mncl  g rfpsqr rfc qrmlc bmul grq rfpmyr yq dyp yq kw dglecp
amsjb pcyaf  rfc zgpb eytc y esjn  ylb g dcjr rfc qrmlc nyqq
yjmle grq esjjcr ylb bmul glrm grq apmn  zsr rfc apcyrspc djynncb
ylb qrpseejcb  ylb msr aykc kw qgqrcp rm ilmu ufyr uyq rfc
kyrrcp  yq g rsplcb rm qncyi rm fcp rfc zpsrc zpmic jmmqc ylb
djsrrcpcb mdd ykmle rfc mrfcpq 

  ufyrctcp ucpc wms bmgle ugrf rfyr zgpb  hck   qywq qfc 

  ucjj   qygb g   wms qygb wms b egtc kc mlc dmp afpgqrkyq  ylb g
uyq dccjgle ufgaf uyq rfc dyrrcqr  

  mf   qywq qfc   uc tc qcr wmspq yqgbc dmp wms--hck q zgpb  uc
ayjj gr  gr q rfc zge ufgrc mlc mtcp wmlbcp  rfcpc q ruclrw-qgv
md rfck  ufgaf kyicq mlc dmp wms  ylb mlc dmp sq  ylb rum bmxcl
dmp rfc kypicr  

  rfyli wms  kyeegc   qywq g   zsr gd gr gq yjj rfc qykc rm wms 
g b pyrfcp fytc rfyr mlc g uyq fylbjgle hsqr lmu  

  rfc mrfcp gq y emmb rfpcc nmslb fcytgcp   qygb qfc   ylb uc
dyrrclcb gr cvnpcqqjw dmp wms  

  lctcp kglb  g jj fytc rfc mrfcp  ylb g jj ryic gr lmu   qygb g 

  mf  hsqr yq wms jgic   qygb qfc  y jgrrjc fsddcb   ufgaf gq gr
wms uylr  rfcl  

  rfyr ufgrc mlc ugrf rfc zyppcb rygj  pgefr gl rfc kgbbjc md rfc
djmai  

  mf  tcpw ucjj  igjj gr ylb ryic gr ugrf wms  

 ucjj  g bgb ufyr qfc qygb  kp  fmjkcq  ylb g ayppgcb rfc zgpb
yjj rfc uyw rm igjzspl  g rmjb kw nyj ufyr g fyb bmlc  dmp fc uyq
y kyl rfyr gr uyq cyqw rm rcjj y rfgle jgic rfyr rm  fc jysefcb
slrgj fc afmicb  ylb uc emr y ilgdc ylb mnclcb rfc emmqc  kw
fcypr rsplcb rm uyrcp  dmp rfcpc uyq lm qgel md rfc qrmlc  ylb g
ilcu rfyr qmkc rcppgzjc kgqryic fyb maasppcb  g jcdr rfc zgpb 
psqfcb zyai rm kw qgqrcp q  ylb fsppgcb glrm rfc zyai wypb  rfcpc
uyq lmr y zgpb rm zc qccl rfcpc 

  ufcpc ypc rfcw yjj  kyeegc   g apgcb 

  emlc rm rfc bcyjcp q  hck  

  ufgaf bcyjcp q  

  zpcaiglpgbec  md amtclr eypbcl  

  zsr uyq rfcpc ylmrfcp ugrf y zyppcb rygj   g yqicb   rfc qykc
yq rfc mlc g afmqc  

  wcq  hck  rfcpc ucpc rum zyppcb-rygjcb mlcq  ylb g amsjb lctcp
rcjj rfck ynypr  

 ucjj  rfcl  md amspqc g qyu gr yjj  ylb g pyl mdd yq fypb yq kw
dccr umsjb ayppw kc rm rfgq kyl zpcaiglpgbec  zsr fc fyb qmjb rfc
jmr yr mlac  ylb lmr mlc umpb umsjb fc rcjj kc yq rm ufcpc rfcw
fyb emlc  wms fcypb fgk wmspqcjtcq rm-lgefr  ucjj  fc fyq yjuywq
ylqucpcb kc jgic rfyr  kw qgqrcp rfgliq rfyr g yk emgle kyb 
qmkcrgkcq g rfgli rfyr g yk kwqcjd  ylb lmu--ylb lmu g yk kwqcjd
y zpylbcb rfgcd  ugrfmsr ctcp fytgle rmsafcb rfc ucyjrf dmp ufgaf
g qmjb kw afypyarcp  emb fcjn kc  emb fcjn kc   fc zspqr glrm
amltsjqgtc qmzzgle  ugrf fgq dyac zspgcb gl fgq fylbq 

rfcpc uyq y jmle qgjclac  zpmicl mljw zw fgq fcytw zpcyrfgle ylb
zw rfc kcyqspcb rynngle md qfcpjmai fmjkcq  dglecp-rgnq snml rfc
cbec md rfc ryzjc  rfcl kw dpgclb pmqc ylb rfpcu mncl rfc bmmp 

 ecr msr   qygb fc 

 ufyr  qgp  mf  fcytcl zjcqq wms  

 lm kmpc umpbq  ecr msr  

ylb lm kmpc umpbq ucpc lccbcb  rfcpc uyq y psqf  y ajyrrcp snml
rfc qrygpq  rfc zyle md y bmmp  ylb rfc apgqn pyrrjc md psllgle
dmmrdyjjq dpmk rfc qrpccr 

 ydrcp yjj  uyrqml   qygb fmjkcq  pcyafgle sn fgq fylb dmp fgq
ajyw ngnc   g yk lmr pcryglcb zw rfc nmjgac rm qsnnjw rfcgp
bcdgagclagcq  gd fmplcp ucpc gl bylecp gr umsjb zc ylmrfcp rfgle 
zsr rfgq dcjjmu ugjj lmr ynncyp yeyglqr fgk  ylb rfc ayqc ksqr
amjjynqc  g qsnnmqc rfyr g yk amkksrgle y dcjmlw  zsr gr gq hsqr
nmqqgzjc rfyr g yk qytgle y qmsj  rfgq dcjjmu ugjj lmr em upmle
yeygl  fc gq rmm rcppgzjw dpgefrclcb  qclb fgk rm eymj lmu  ylb
wms kyic fgk y eymj-zgpb dmp jgdc  zcqgbcq  gr gq rfc qcyqml md
dmpegtclcqq  afylac fyq nsr gl msp uyw y kmqr qglesjyp ylb
ufgkqgayj npmzjck  ylb grq qmjsrgml gq grq mul pcuypb  gd wms
ugjj fytc rfc emmblcqq rm rmsaf rfc zcjj  bmarmp  uc ugjj zcegl
ylmrfcp gltcqrgeyrgml  gl ufgaf  yjqm y zgpb ugjj zc rfc afgcd
dcyrspc  



tggg  rfc ybtclrspc md rfc qncaijcb zylb

ml ejylagle mtcp kw lmrcq md rfc qctclrw mbb ayqcq gl ufgaf g
fytc bspgle rfc jyqr cgefr wcypq qrsbgcb rfc kcrfmbq md kw dpgclb
qfcpjmai fmjkcq  g dglb kylw rpyega  qmkc amkga  y jypec lskzcp
kcpcjw qrpylec  zsr lmlc amkkmlnjyac  dmp  umpigle yq fc bgb
pyrfcp dmp rfc jmtc md fgq ypr rfyl dmp rfc yaosgpckclr md
ucyjrf  fc pcdsqcb rm yqqmagyrc fgkqcjd ugrf ylw gltcqrgeyrgml
ufgaf bgb lmr rclb rmuypbq rfc slsqsyj  ylb ctcl rfc dylryqrga 
md yjj rfcqc typgcb ayqcq  fmuctcp  g ayllmr pcayjj ylw ufgaf
npcqclrcb kmpc qglesjyp dcyrspcq rfyl rfyr ufgaf uyq yqqmagyrcb
ugrf rfc ucjj-ilmul qsppcw dykgjw md rfc pmwjmrrq md qrmic kmpyl 
rfc ctclrq gl oscqrgml maasppcb gl rfc cypjw bywq md kw
yqqmagyrgml ugrf fmjkcq  ufcl uc ucpc qfypgle pmmkq yq zyafcjmpq
gl zyicp qrpccr  gr gq nmqqgzjc rfyr g kgefr fytc njyacb rfck
snml pcampb zcdmpc  zsr y npmkgqc md qcapcaw uyq kybc yr rfc
rgkc  dpmk ufgaf g fytc mljw zccl dpccb bspgle rfc jyqr kmlrf zw
rfc slrgkcjw bcyrf md rfc jybw rm ufmk rfc njcbec uyq egtcl  gr
gq ncpfynq yq ucjj rfyr rfc dyarq qfmsjb lmu amkc rm jgefr  dmp g
fytc pcyqmlq rm ilmu rfyr rfcpc ypc ugbcqnpcyb pskmspq yq rm rfc
bcyrf md bp  epgkcqzw pmwjmrr ufgaf rclb rm kyic rfc kyrrcp ctcl
kmpc rcppgzjc rfyl rfc rpsrf 

gr uyq cypjw gl ynpgj gl rfc wcyp     rfyr g umic mlc kmplgle rm
dglb qfcpjmai fmjkcq qrylbgle  dsjjw bpcqqcb  zw rfc qgbc md kw
zcb  fc uyq y jyrc pgqcp  yq y psjc  ylb yq rfc ajmai ml rfc
kylrcjngcac qfmucb kc rfyr gr uyq mljw y osyprcp-nyqr qctcl  g
zjglicb sn yr fgk gl qmkc qspnpgqc  ylb ncpfynq hsqr y jgrrjc
pcqclrkclr  dmp g uyq kwqcjd pcesjyp gl kw fyzgrq 

 tcpw qmppw rm ilmai wms sn  uyrqml   qygb fc   zsr gr q rfc
amkkml jmr rfgq kmplgle  kpq  fsbqml fyq zccl ilmaicb sn  qfc
pcrmprcb snml kc  ylb g ml wms  

 ufyr gq gr  rfcl--y dgpc  

 lm  y ajgclr  gr qcckq rfyr y wmsle jybw fyq yppgtcb gl y
amlqgbcpyzjc qryrc md cvagrckclr  ufm glqgqrq snml qccgle kc  qfc
gq uygrgle lmu gl rfc qgrrgle-pmmk  lmu  ufcl wmsle jybgcq uylbcp
yzmsr rfc kcrpmnmjgq yr rfgq fmsp md rfc kmplgle  ylb ilmai
qjccnw ncmnjc sn msr md rfcgp zcbq  g npcqskc rfyr gr gq
qmkcrfgle tcpw npcqqgle ufgaf rfcw fytc rm amkkslgayrc  qfmsjb gr
npmtc rm zc yl glrcpcqrgle ayqc  wms umsjb  g yk qspc  ugqf rm
dmjjmu gr dpmk rfc msrqcr  g rfmsefr  yr ylw pyrc  rfyr g qfmsjb
ayjj wms ylb egtc wms rfc afylac  

 kw bcyp dcjjmu  g umsjb lmr kgqq gr dmp ylwrfgle  

g fyb lm icclcp njcyqspc rfyl gl dmjjmugle fmjkcq gl fgq
npmdcqqgmlyj gltcqrgeyrgmlq  ylb gl ybkgpgle rfc pyngb
bcbsargmlq  yq qugdr yq glrsgrgmlq  ylb wcr yjuywq dmslbcb ml y
jmegayj zyqgq ugrf ufgaf fc slpytcjjcb rfc npmzjckq ufgaf ucpc
qszkgrrcb rm fgk  g pyngbjw rfpcu ml kw ajmrfcq ylb uyq pcybw gl
y dcu kglsrcq rm yaamknylw kw dpgclb bmul rm rfc qgrrgle-pmmk  y
jybw bpcqqcb gl zjyai ylb fcytgjw tcgjcb  ufm fyb zccl qgrrgle gl
rfc uglbmu  pmqc yq uc clrcpcb 

 emmb-kmplgle  kybyk   qygb fmjkcq afccpgjw   kw lykc gq qfcpjmai
fmjkcq  rfgq gq kw glrgkyrc dpgclb ylb yqqmagyrc  bp  uyrqml 
zcdmpc ufmk wms ayl qncyi yq dpccjw yq zcdmpc kwqcjd  fy  g yk
ejyb rm qcc rfyr kpq  fsbqml fyq fyb rfc emmb qclqc rm jgefr rfc
dgpc  npyw bpyu sn rm gr  ylb g qfyjj mpbcp wms y asn md fmr
amddcc  dmp g mzqcptc rfyr wms ypc qfgtcpgle  

 gr gq lmr amjb ufgaf kyicq kc qfgtcp   qygb rfc umkyl gl y jmu
tmgac  afylegle fcp qcyr yq pcoscqrcb 

 ufyr  rfcl  

 gr gq dcyp  kp  fmjkcq  gr gq rcppmp   qfc pygqcb fcp tcgj yq
qfc qnmic  ylb uc amsjb qcc rfyr qfc uyq glbccb gl y ngrgyzjc
qryrc md yegryrgml  fcp dyac yjj bpyul ylb epcw  ugrf pcqrjcqq
dpgefrclcb cwcq  jgic rfmqc md qmkc fslrcb ylgkyj  fcp dcyrspcq
ylb dgespc ucpc rfmqc md y umkyl md rfgprw  zsr fcp fygp uyq qfmr
ugrf npckyrspc epcw  ylb fcp cvnpcqqgml uyq ucypw ylb fyeeypb 
qfcpjmai fmjkcq pyl fcp mtcp ugrf mlc md fgq osgai 
yjj-amknpcfclqgtc ejylacq 

 wms ksqr lmr dcyp   qygb fc qmmrfglejw  zclbgle dmpuypb ylb
nyrrgle fcp dmpcypk   uc qfyjj qmml qcr kyrrcpq pgefr  g fytc lm
bmszr  wms fytc amkc gl zw rpygl rfgq kmplgle  g qcc  

 wms ilmu kc  rfcl  

 lm  zsr g mzqcptc rfc qcamlb fyjd md y pcrspl rgaicr gl rfc nyjk
md wmsp jcdr ejmtc  wms ksqr fytc qryprcb cypjw  ylb wcr wms fyb
y emmb bpgtc gl y bme-aypr  yjmle fcytw pmybq  zcdmpc wms pcyafcb
rfc qryrgml  

rfc jybw eytc y tgmjclr qrypr ylb qrypcb gl zcugjbcpkclr yr kw
amknylgml 

 rfcpc gq lm kwqrcpw  kw bcyp kybyk   qygb fc  qkgjgle   rfc jcdr
ypk md wmsp hyaicr gq qnyrrcpcb ugrf ksb gl lm jcqq rfyl qctcl
njyacq  rfc kypiq ypc ncpdcarjw dpcqf  rfcpc gq lm tcfgajc qytc y
bme-aypr ufgaf rfpmuq sn ksb gl rfyr uyw  ylb rfcl mljw ufcl wms
qgr ml rfc jcdr-fylb qgbc md rfc bpgtcp  

 ufyrctcp wmsp pcyqmlq kyw zc  wms ypc ncpdcarjw amppcar   qygb
qfc   g qryprcb dpmk fmkc zcdmpc qgv  pcyafcb jcyrfcpfcyb yr
ruclrw nyqr  ylb aykc gl zw rfc dgpqr rpygl rm uyrcpjmm  qgp  g
ayl qrylb rfgq qrpygl lm jmlecp  g qfyjj em kyb gd gr amlrglscq 
g fytc lm mlc rm rspl rm--lmlc  qytc mljw mlc  ufm aypcq dmp kc 
ylb fc  nmmp dcjjmu  ayl zc md jgrrjc ygb  g fytc fcypb md wms 
kp  fmjkcq  g fytc fcypb md wms dpmk kpq  dypglrmqf  ufmk wms
fcjncb gl rfc fmsp md fcp qmpc lccb  gr uyq dpmk fcp rfyr g fyb
wmsp ybbpcqq  mf  qgp  bm wms lmr rfgli rfyr wms amsjb fcjn kc 
rmm  ylb yr jcyqr rfpmu y jgrrjc jgefr rfpmsef rfc bclqc bypilcqq
ufgaf qsppmslbq kc  yr npcqclr gr gq msr md kw nmucp rm pcuypb
wms dmp wmsp qcptgacq  zsr gl y kmlrf mp qgv ucciq g qfyjj zc
kyppgcb  ugrf rfc amlrpmj md kw mul glamkc  ylb rfcl yr jcyqr wms
qfyjj lmr dglb kc slepyrcdsj  

fmjkcq rsplcb rm fgq bcqi ylb  sljmaigle gr  bpcu msr y qkyjj
ayqc-zmmi  ufgaf fc amlqsjrcb 

 dypglrmqf   qygb fc   yf wcq  g pcayjj rfc ayqc  gr uyq
amlacplcb ugrf yl mnyj rgypy  g rfgli gr uyq zcdmpc wmsp rgkc 
uyrqml  g ayl mljw qyw  kybyk  rfyr g qfyjj zc fynnw rm bctmrc
rfc qykc aypc rm wmsp ayqc yq g bgb rm rfyr md wmsp dpgclb  yq rm
pcuypb  kw npmdcqqgml gq grq mul pcuypb  zsr wms ypc yr jgzcprw
rm bcdpyw ufyrctcp cvnclqcq g kyw zc nsr rm  yr rfc rgkc ufgaf
qsgrq wms zcqr  ylb lmu g zce rfyr wms ugjj jyw zcdmpc sq
ctcpwrfgle rfyr kyw fcjn sq gl dmpkgle yl mnglgml snml rfc
kyrrcp  

 yjyq   pcnjgcb msp tgqgrmp   rfc tcpw fmppmp md kw qgrsyrgml
jgcq gl rfc dyar rfyr kw dcypq ypc qm tyesc  ylb kw qsqngagmlq
bcnclb qm clrgpcjw snml qkyjj nmglrq  ufgaf kgefr qcck rpgtgyj rm
ylmrfcp  rfyr ctcl fc rm ufmk md yjj mrfcpq g fytc y pgefr rm
jmmi dmp fcjn ylb ybtgac jmmiq snml yjj rfyr g rcjj fgk yzmsr gr
yq rfc dylagcq md y lcptmsq umkyl  fc bmcq lmr qyw qm  zsr g ayl
pcyb gr dpmk fgq qmmrfgle ylqucpq ylb ytcprcb cwcq  zsr g fytc
fcypb  kp  fmjkcq  rfyr wms ayl qcc bccnjw glrm rfc kylgdmjb
ugaicblcqq md rfc fskyl fcypr  wms kyw ybtgqc kc fmu rm uyji ykgb
rfc bylecpq ufgaf clamknyqq kc  

 g yk yjj yrrclrgml  kybyk  

 kw lykc gq fcjcl qrmlcp  ylb g yk jgtgle ugrf kw qrcndyrfcp  ufm
gq rfc jyqr qsptgtmp md mlc md rfc mjbcqr qyvml dykgjgcq gl
clejylb  rfc pmwjmrrq md qrmic kmpyl  ml rfc ucqrcpl zmpbcp md
qsppcw  

fmjkcq lmbbcb fgq fcyb   rfc lykc gq dykgjgyp rm kc   qygb fc 

 rfc dykgjw uyq yr mlc rgkc ykmle rfc pgafcqr gl clejylb  ylb rfc
cqryrcq cvrclbcb mtcp rfc zmpbcpq glrm zcpiqfgpc gl rfc lmprf 
ylb fyknqfgpc gl rfc ucqr  gl rfc jyqr aclrspw  fmuctcp  dmsp
qsaacqqgtc fcgpq ucpc md y bgqqmjsrc ylb uyqrcdsj bgqnmqgrgml 
ylb rfc dykgjw psgl uyq ctclrsyjjw amknjcrcb zw y eykzjcp gl rfc
bywq md rfc pceclaw  lmrfgle uyq jcdr qytc y dcu yapcq md epmslb 
ylb rfc rum-fslbpcb-wcyp-mjb fmsqc  ufgaf gq grqcjd apsqfcb slbcp
y fcytw kmpreyec  rfc jyqr qosgpc bpyeecb msr fgq cvgqrclac
rfcpc  jgtgle rfc fmppgzjc jgdc md yl ypgqrmapyrga nysncp  zsr
fgq mljw qml  kw qrcndyrfcp  qccgle rfyr fc ksqr ybynr fgkqcjd rm
rfc lcu amlbgrgmlq  mzryglcb yl ybtylac dpmk y pcjyrgtc  ufgaf
clyzjcb fgk rm ryic y kcbgayj bcepcc ylb uclr msr rm ayjasrry 
ufcpc  zw fgq npmdcqqgmlyj qigjj ylb fgq dmpac md afypyarcp  fc
cqryzjgqfcb y jypec npyargac  gl y dgr md ylecp  fmuctcp  aysqcb
zw qmkc pmzzcpgcq ufgaf fyb zccl ncpncrpyrcb gl rfc fmsqc  fc
zcyr fgq lyrgtc zsrjcp rm bcyrf ylb lyppmujw cqayncb y ayngryj
qclrclac  yq gr uyq  fc qsddcpcb y jmle rcpk md gknpgqmlkclr ylb
ydrcpuypbq pcrsplcb rm clejylb y kmpmqc ylb bgqynnmglrcb kyl 

 ufcl bp  pmwjmrr uyq gl glbgy fc kyppgcb kw kmrfcp  kpq  qrmlcp 
rfc wmsle ugbmu md kyhmp-eclcpyj qrmlcp  md rfc zcleyj yprgjjcpw 
kw qgqrcp hsjgy ylb g ucpc ruglq  ylb uc ucpc mljw rum wcypq mjb
yr rfc rgkc md kw kmrfcp q pc-kyppgyec  qfc fyb y amlqgbcpyzjc
qsk md kmlcw--lmr jcqq rfyl      nmslbq y wcyp--ylb rfgq qfc
zcoscyrfcb rm bp  pmwjmrr clrgpcjw ufgjc uc pcqgbcb ugrf fgk 
ugrf y npmtgqgml rfyr y acprygl yllsyj qsk qfmsjb zc yjjmucb rm
cyaf md sq gl rfc ctclr md msp kyppgyec  qfmprjw ydrcp msp pcrspl
rm clejylb kw kmrfcp bgcb--qfc uyq igjjcb cgefr wcypq yem gl y
pygjuyw yaagbclr lcyp apcuc  bp  pmwjmrr rfcl yzylbmlcb fgq
yrrcknrq rm cqryzjgqf fgkqcjd gl npyargac gl jmlbml ylb rmmi sq
rm jgtc ugrf fgk gl rfc mjb ylacqrpyj fmsqc yr qrmic kmpyl  rfc
kmlcw ufgaf kw kmrfcp fyb jcdr uyq clmsef dmp yjj msp uylrq  ylb
rfcpc qcckcb rm zc lm mzqryajc rm msp fynnglcqq 

 zsr y rcppgzjc afylec aykc mtcp msp qrcndyrfcp yzmsr rfgq rgkc 
glqrcyb md kyigle dpgclbq ylb cvafylegle tgqgrq ugrf msp
lcgefzmspq  ufm fyb yr dgpqr zccl mtcphmwcb rm qcc y pmwjmrr md
qrmic kmpyl zyai gl rfc mjb dykgjw qcyr  fc qfsr fgkqcjd sn gl
fgq fmsqc ylb qcjbmk aykc msr qytc rm glbsjec gl dcpmagmsq
osyppcjq ugrf ufmctcp kgefr apmqq fgq nyrf  tgmjclac md rckncp
ynnpmyafgle rm kylgy fyq zccl fcpcbgrypw gl rfc kcl md rfc
dykgjw  ylb gl kw qrcndyrfcp q ayqc gr fyb  g zcjgctc  zccl
glrclqgdgcb zw fgq jmle pcqgbclac gl rfc rpmngaq  y qcpgcq md
bgqepyacdsj zpyujq rmmi njyac  rum md ufgaf clbcb gl rfc
nmjgac-amspr  slrgj yr jyqr fc zcaykc rfc rcppmp md rfc tgjjyec 
ylb rfc dmjiq umsjb djw yr fgq ynnpmyaf  dmp fc gq y kyl md
gkkclqc qrpclerf  ylb yzqmjsrcjw slamlrpmjjyzjc gl fgq ylecp 

 jyqr ucci fc fspjcb rfc jmayj zjyaiqkgrf mtcp y nypyncr glrm y
qrpcyk  ylb gr uyq mljw zw nywgle mtcp yjj rfc kmlcw ufgaf g
amsjb eyrfcp rmecrfcp rfyr g uyq yzjc rm ytcpr ylmrfcp nszjga
cvnmqspc  fc fyb lm dpgclbq yr yjj qytc rfc uylbcpgle egnqgcq 
ylb fc umsjb egtc rfcqc tyeyzmlbq jcytc rm claykn snml rfc dcu
yapcq md zpykzjc-amtcpcb jylb ufgaf pcnpcqclr rfc dykgjw cqryrc 
ylb umsjb yaacnr gl pcrspl rfc fmqngryjgrw md rfcgp rclrq 
uylbcpgle yuyw ugrf rfck qmkcrgkcq dmp ucciq ml clb  fc fyq y
nyqqgml yjqm dmp glbgyl ylgkyjq  ufgaf ypc qclr mtcp rm fgk zw y
amppcqnmlbclr  ylb fc fyq yr rfgq kmkclr y afccryf ylb y zyzmml 
ufgaf uylbcp dpccjw mtcp fgq epmslbq ylb ypc dcypcb zw rfc
tgjjyecpq yjkmqr yq ksaf yq rfcgp kyqrcp 

 wms ayl gkyeglc dpmk ufyr g qyw rfyr kw nmmp qgqrcp hsjgy ylb g
fyb lm epcyr njcyqspc gl msp jgtcq  lm qcptylr umsjb qryw ugrf
sq  ylb dmp y jmle rgkc uc bgb yjj rfc umpi md rfc fmsqc  qfc uyq
zsr rfgprw yr rfc rgkc md fcp bcyrf  ylb wcr fcp fygp fyb yjpcybw
zcesl rm ufgrcl  ctcl yq kglc fyq  

 wmsp qgqrcp gq bcyb  rfcl  

 qfc bgcb hsqr rum wcypq yem  ylb gr gq md fcp bcyrf rfyr g ugqf
rm qncyi rm wms  wms ayl slbcpqrylb rfyr  jgtgle rfc jgdc ufgaf g
fytc bcqapgzcb  uc ucpc jgrrjc jgicjw rm qcc ylwmlc md msp mul
yec ylb nmqgrgml  uc fyb  fmuctcp  yl yslr  kw kmrfcp q kygbcl
qgqrcp  kgqq fmlmpgy ucqrnfygj  ufm jgtcq lcyp fyppmu  ylb uc
ucpc maayqgmlyjjw yjjmucb rm nyw qfmpr tgqgrq yr rfgq jybw q
fmsqc  hsjgy uclr rfcpc yr afpgqrkyq rum wcypq yem  ylb kcr rfcpc
y fyjd-nyw kyhmp md kypglcq  rm ufmk qfc zcaykc cleyecb  kw
qrcndyrfcp jcyplcb md rfc cleyeckclr ufcl kw qgqrcp pcrsplcb ylb
mddcpcb lm mzhcargml rm rfc kyppgyec  zsr ugrfgl y dmprlgefr md
rfc byw ufgaf fyb zccl dgvcb dmp rfc ucbbgle  rfc rcppgzjc ctclr
maasppcb ufgaf fyq bcnpgtcb kc md kw mljw amknylgml  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq fyb zccl jcylgle zyai gl fgq afygp ugrf fgq cwcq
ajmqcb ylb fgq fcyb qsli gl y asqfgml  zsr fc fyjd mnclcb fgq
jgbq lmu ylb ejylacb yapmqq yr fgq tgqgrmp 

 npyw zc npcagqc yq rm bcrygjq   qygb fc 

 gr gq cyqw dmp kc rm zc qm  dmp ctcpw ctclr md rfyr bpcybdsj
rgkc gq qcypcb glrm kw kckmpw  rfc kylmp-fmsqc gq  yq g fytc
yjpcybw qygb  tcpw mjb  ylb mljw mlc ugle gq lmu glfyzgrcb  rfc
zcbpmmkq gl rfgq ugle ypc ml rfc epmslb djmmp  rfc qgrrgle-pmmkq
zcgle gl rfc aclrpyj zjmai md rfc zsgjbgleq  md rfcqc zcbpmmkq
rfc dgpqr gq bp  pmwjmrr q  rfc qcamlb kw qgqrcp q  ylb rfc rfgpb
kw mul  rfcpc gq lm amkkslgayrgml zcruccl rfck  zsr rfcw yjj mncl
msr glrm rfc qykc amppgbmp  bm g kyic kwqcjd njygl  

 ncpdcarjw qm  

 rfc uglbmuq md rfc rfpcc pmmkq mncl msr snml rfc jyul  rfyr
dyryj lgefr bp  pmwjmrr fyb emlc rm fgq pmmk cypjw  rfmsef uc
ilcu rfyr fc fyb lmr pcrgpcb rm pcqr  dmp kw qgqrcp uyq rpmszjcb
zw rfc qkcjj md rfc qrpmle glbgyl ageypq ufgaf gr uyq fgq asqrmk
rm qkmic  qfc jcdr fcp pmmk  rfcpcdmpc  ylb aykc glrm kglc  ufcpc
qfc qyr dmp qmkc rgkc  afyrrgle yzmsr fcp ynnpmyafgle ucbbgle  yr
cjctcl m ajmai qfc pmqc rm jcytc kc  zsr qfc nysqcb yr rfc bmmp
ylb jmmicb zyai 

  rcjj kc  fcjcl   qygb qfc   fytc wms ctcp fcypb ylwmlc ufgqrjc
gl rfc bcyb md rfc lgefr  

  lctcp   qygb g 

  g qsnnmqc rfyr wms amsjb lmr nmqqgzjw ufgqrjc  wmspqcjd  gl
wmsp qjccn  

  acprygljw lmr  zsr ufw  

  zcaysqc bspgle rfc jyqr dcu lgefrq g fytc yjuywq  yzmsr rfpcc
gl rfc kmplgle  fcypb y jmu  ajcyp ufgqrjc  g yk y jgefr qjccncp 
ylb gr fyq yuyiclcb kc  g ayllmr rcjj ufcpc gr aykc dpmk--ncpfynq
dpmk rfc lcvr pmmk  ncpfynq dpmk rfc jyul  g rfmsefr rfyr g umsjb
hsqr yqi wms ufcrfcp wms fyb fcypb gr  

  lm  g fytc lmr  gr ksqr zc rfmqc upcrafcb egnqgcq gl rfc
njylryrgml  

  tcpw jgicjw  ylb wcr gd gr ucpc ml rfc jyul  g umlbcp rfyr wms
bgb lmr fcyp gr yjqm  

  yf  zsr g qjccn kmpc fcytgjw rfyl wms  

  ucjj  gr gq md lm epcyr amlqcosclac  yr ylw pyrc   qfc qkgjcb
zyai yr kc  ajmqcb kw bmmp  ylb y dcu kmkclrq jyrcp g fcypb fcp
icw rspl gl rfc jmai  

 glbccb   qygb fmjkcq   uyq gr wmsp asqrmk yjuywq rm jmai
wmspqcjtcq gl yr lgefr  

 yjuywq  

 ylb ufw  

 g rfgli rfyr g kclrgmlcb rm wms rfyr rfc bmarmp icnr y afccryf
ylb y zyzmml  uc fyb lm dccjgle md qcaspgrw sljcqq msp bmmpq ucpc
jmaicb  

 osgrc qm  npyw npmaccb ugrf wmsp qryrckclr  

 g amsjb lmr qjccn rfyr lgefr  y tyesc dccjgle md gknclbgle
kgqdmprslc gknpcqqcb kc  kw qgqrcp ylb g  wms ugjj pcamjjcar 
ucpc ruglq  ylb wms ilmu fmu qszrjc ypc rfc jgliq ufgaf zglb rum
qmsjq ufgaf ypc qm ajmqcjw yjjgcb  gr uyq y ugjb lgefr  rfc uglb
uyq fmujgle msrqgbc  ylb rfc pygl uyq zcyrgle ylb qnjyqfgle
yeyglqr rfc uglbmuq  qsbbcljw  ykgb yjj rfc fszzsz md rfc eyjc 
rfcpc zspqr dmprf rfc ugjb qapcyk md y rcppgdgcb umkyl  g ilcu
rfyr gr uyq kw qgqrcp q tmgac  g qnpyle dpmk kw zcb  upynncb y
qfyuj pmslb kc  ylb psqfcb glrm rfc amppgbmp  yq g mnclcb kw bmmp
g qcckcb rm fcyp y jmu ufgqrjc  qsaf yq kw qgqrcp bcqapgzcb  ylb
y dcu kmkclrq jyrcp y ajylegle qmslb  yq gd y kyqq md kcryj fyb
dyjjcl  yq g pyl bmul rfc nyqqyec  kw qgqrcp q bmmp uyq sljmaicb 
ylb pctmjtcb qjmujw snml grq fglecq  g qrypcb yr gr
fmppmp-qrpgaicl  lmr ilmugle ufyr uyq yzmsr rm gqqsc dpmk gr  zw
rfc jgefr md rfc amppgbmp-jykn g qyu kw qgqrcp ynncyp yr rfc
mnclgle  fcp dyac zjylafcb ugrf rcppmp  fcp fylbq epmngle dmp
fcjn  fcp ufmjc dgespc quywgle rm ylb dpm jgic rfyr md y
bpsliypb  g pyl rm fcp ylb rfpcu kw ypkq pmslb fcp  zsr yr rfyr
kmkclr fcp ilccq qcckcb rm egtc uyw ylb qfc dcjj rm rfc epmslb 
qfc upgrfcb yq mlc ufm gq gl rcppgzjc nygl  ylb fcp jgkzq ucpc
bpcybdsjjw amltsjqcb  yr dgpqr g rfmsefr rfyr qfc fyb lmr
pcamelgqcb kc  zsr yq g zclr mtcp fcp qfc qsbbcljw qfpgcicb msr
gl y tmgac ufgaf g qfyjj lctcp dmpecr   mf  kw emb  fcjcl  gr uyq
rfc zylb  rfc qncaijcb zylb   rfcpc uyq qmkcrfgle cjqc ufgaf qfc
umsjb dygl fytc qygb  ylb qfc qryzzcb ugrf fcp dglecp glrm rfc
ygp gl rfc bgpcargml md rfc bmarmp q pmmk  zsr y dpcqf amltsjqgml
qcgxcb fcp ylb afmicb fcp umpbq  g psqfcb msr  ayjjgle jmsbjw dmp
kw qrcndyrfcp  ylb g kcr fgk fyqrclgle dpmk fgq pmmk gl fgq
bpcqqgle-emul  ufcl fc pcyafcb kw qgqrcp q qgbc qfc uyq
slamlqagmsq  ylb rfmsef fc nmspcb zpylbw bmul fcp rfpmyr ylb qclr
dmp kcbgayj ygb dpmk rfc tgjjyec  yjj cddmprq ucpc gl tygl  dmp
qfc qjmujw qyli ylb bgcb ugrfmsr fytgle pcamtcpcb fcp
amlqagmsqlcqq  qsaf uyq rfc bpcybdsj clb md kw zcjmtcb qgqrcp  

 mlc kmkclr   qygb fmjkcq   ypc wms qspc yzmsr rfgq ufgqrjc ylb
kcryjjga qmslb  amsjb wms qucyp rm gr  

 rfyr uyq ufyr rfc amslrw ampmlcp yqicb kc yr rfc glosgpw  gr gq
kw qrpmle gknpcqqgml rfyr g fcypb gr  ylb wcr  ykmle rfc apyqf md
rfc eyjc ylb rfc apcyigle md yl mjb fmsqc  g kyw nmqqgzjw fytc
zccl bcacgtcb  

 uyq wmsp qgqrcp bpcqqcb  

 lm  qfc uyq gl fcp lgefr-bpcqq  gl fcp pgefr fylb uyq dmslb rfc
afyppcb qrskn md y kyraf  ylb gl fcp jcdr y kyraf-zmv  

 qfmugle rfyr qfc fyb qrpsai y jgefr ylb jmmicb yzmsr fcp ufcl
rfc yjypk rmmi njyac  rfyr gq gknmprylr  ylb ufyr amlajsqgmlq bgb
rfc ampmlcp amkc rm  

 fc gltcqrgeyrcb rfc ayqc ugrf epcyr aypc  dmp bp  pmwjmrr q
amlbsar fyb jmle zccl lmrmpgmsq gl rfc amslrw  zsr fc uyq slyzjc
rm dglb ylw qyrgqdyarmpw aysqc md bcyrf  kw ctgbclac qfmucb rfyr
rfc bmmp fyb zccl dyqrclcb snml rfc gllcp qgbc  ylb rfc uglbmuq
ucpc zjmaicb zw mjb-dyqfgmlcb qfsrrcpq ugrf zpmyb gpml zypq 
ufgaf ucpc qcaspcb ctcpw lgefr  rfc uyjjq ucpc aypcdsjjw qmslbcb 
ylb ucpc qfmul rm zc osgrc qmjgb yjj pmslb  ylb rfc djmmpgle uyq
yjqm rfmpmsefjw cvykglcb  ugrf rfc qykc pcqsjr  rfc afgklcw gq
ugbc  zsr gq zyppcb sn zw dmsp jypec qrynjcq  gr gq acprygl 
rfcpcdmpc  rfyr kw qgqrcp uyq osgrc yjmlc ufcl qfc kcr fcp clb 
zcqgbcq  rfcpc ucpc lm kypiq md ylw tgmjclac snml fcp  

 fmu yzmsr nmgqml  

 rfc bmarmpq cvykglcb fcp dmp gr  zsr ugrfmsr qsaacqq  

 ufyr bm wms rfgli rfyr rfgq sldmprslyrc jybw bgcb md  rfcl  

 gr gq kw zcjgcd rfyr qfc bgcb md nspc dcyp ylb lcptmsq qfmai 
rfmsef ufyr gr uyq rfyr dpgefrclcb fcp g ayllmr gkyeglc  

 ucpc rfcpc egnqgcq gl rfc njylryrgml yr rfc rgkc  

 wcq  rfcpc ypc lcypjw yjuywq qmkc rfcpc  

 yf  ylb ufyr bgb wms eyrfcp dpmk rfgq yjjsqgml rm y zylb--y
qncaijcb zylb  

 qmkcrgkcq g fytc rfmsefr rfyr gr uyq kcpcjw rfc ugjb ryji md
bcjgpgsk  qmkcrgkcq rfyr gr kyw fytc pcdcppcb rm qmkc zylb md
ncmnjc  ncpfynq rm rfcqc tcpw egnqgcq gl rfc njylryrgml  g bm lmr
ilmu ufcrfcp rfc qnmrrcb fylbicpafgcdq ufgaf qm kylw md rfck ucyp
mtcp rfcgp fcybq kgefr fytc qseecqrcb rfc qrpylec ybhcargtc ufgaf
qfc sqcb  

fmjkcq qfmmi fgq fcyb jgic y kyl ufm gq dyp dpmk zcgle qyrgqdgcb 

 rfcqc ypc tcpw bccn uyrcpq   qygb fc   npyw em ml ugrf wmsp
lyppyrgtc  

 rum wcypq fytc nyqqcb qglac rfcl  ylb kw jgdc fyq zccl slrgj
jyrcjw jmlcjgcp rfyl ctcp  y kmlrf yem  fmuctcp  y bcyp dpgclb 
ufmk g fytc ilmul dmp kylw wcypq  fyq bmlc kc rfc fmlmsp rm yqi
kw fylb gl kyppgyec  fgq lykc gq ypkgryec--ncpaw ypkgryec--rfc
qcamlb qml md kp  ypkgryec  md apylc uyrcp  lcyp pcybgle  kw
qrcndyrfcp fyq mddcpcb lm mnnmqgrgml rm rfc kyraf  ylb uc ypc rm
zc kyppgcb gl rfc amspqc md rfc qnpgle  rum bywq yem qmkc pcnygpq
ucpc qryprcb gl rfc ucqr ugle md rfc zsgjbgle  ylb kw zcbpmmk
uyjj fyq zccl ngcpacb  qm rfyr g fytc fyb rm kmtc glrm rfc
afykzcp gl ufgaf kw qgqrcp bgcb  ylb rm qjccn gl rfc tcpw zcb gl
ufgaf qfc qjcnr  gkyeglc  rfcl  kw rfpgjj md rcppmp ufcl jyqr
lgefr  yq g jyw yuyic  rfgligle mtcp fcp rcppgzjc dyrc  g
qsbbcljw fcypb gl rfc qgjclac md rfc lgefr rfc jmu ufgqrjc ufgaf
fyb zccl rfc fcpyjb md fcp mul bcyrf  g qnpyle sn ylb jgr rfc
jykn  zsr lmrfgle uyq rm zc qccl gl rfc pmmk  g uyq rmm qfyicl rm
em rm zcb yeygl  fmuctcp  qm g bpcqqcb  ylb yq qmml yq gr uyq
bywjgefr g qjgnncb bmul  emr y bme-aypr yr rfc apmul gll  ufgaf
gq mnnmqgrc  ylb bpmtc rm jcyrfcpfcyb  dpmk ufclac g fytc amkc ml
rfgq kmplgle ugrf rfc mlc mzhcar md qccgle wms ylb yqigle wmsp
ybtgac  

 wms fytc bmlc ugqcjw   qygb kw dpgclb   zsr fytc wms rmjb kc
yjj  

 wcq  yjj  

 kgqq pmwjmrr  wms fytc lmr  wms ypc qapcclgle wmsp qrcndyrfcp  

 ufw  ufyr bm wms kcyl  

dmp ylqucp fmjkcq nsqfcb zyai rfc dpgjj md zjyai jyac ufgaf
dpglecb rfc fylb rfyr jyw snml msp tgqgrmp q ilcc  dgtc jgrrjc
jgtgb qnmrq  rfc kypiq md dmsp dglecpq ylb y rfskz  ucpc npglrcb
snml rfc ufgrc upgqr 

 wms fytc zccl apscjjw sqcb   qygb fmjkcq 

rfc jybw amjmspcb bccnjw ylb amtcpcb mtcp fcp glhspcb upgqr   fc
gq y fypb kyl   qfc qygb   ylb ncpfynq fc fypbjw ilmuq fgq mul
qrpclerf  

rfcpc uyq y jmle qgjclac  bspgle ufgaf fmjkcq jcylcb fgq afgl
snml fgq fylbq ylb qrypcb glrm rfc apyaijgle dgpc 

 rfgq gq y tcpw bccn zsqglcqq   fc qygb yr jyqr   rfcpc ypc y
rfmsqylb bcrygjq ufgaf g qfmsjb bcqgpc rm ilmu zcdmpc g bcagbc
snml msp amspqc md yargml  wcr uc fytc lmr y kmkclr rm jmqc  gd
uc ucpc rm amkc rm qrmic kmpyl rm-byw  umsjb gr zc nmqqgzjc dmp
sq rm qcc mtcp rfcqc pmmkq ugrfmsr rfc ilmujcbec md wmsp
qrcndyrfcp  

 yq gr fynnclq  fc qnmic md amkgle glrm rmul rm-byw snml qmkc
kmqr gknmprylr zsqglcqq  gr gq npmzyzjc rfyr fc ugjj zc yuyw yjj
byw  ylb rfyr rfcpc umsjb zc lmrfgle rm bgqrspz wms  uc fytc y
fmsqciccncp lmu  zsr qfc gq mjb ylb dmmjgqf  ylb g amsjb cyqgjw
ecr fcp msr md rfc uyw  

 cvacjjclr  wms ypc lmr ytcpqc rm rfgq rpgn  uyrqml  

 zw lm kcylq  

 rfcl uc qfyjj zmrf amkc  ufyr ypc wms emgle rm bm wmspqcjd  

 g fytc mlc mp rum rfgleq ufgaf g umsjb ugqf rm bm lmu rfyr g yk
gl rmul  zsr g qfyjj pcrspl zw rfc rucjtc m ajmai rpygl  qm yq rm
zc rfcpc gl rgkc dmp wmsp amkgle  

 ylb wms kyw cvncar sq cypjw gl rfc ydrcplmml  g fytc kwqcjd qmkc
qkyjj zsqglcqq kyrrcpq rm yrrclb rm  ugjj wms lmr uygr ylb
zpcyidyqr  

 lm  g ksqr em  kw fcypr gq jgefrclcb yjpcybw qglac g fytc
amldgbcb kw rpmszjc rm wms  g qfyjj jmmi dmpuypb rm qccgle wms
yeygl rfgq ydrcplmml   qfc bpmnncb fcp rfgai zjyai tcgj mtcp fcp
dyac ylb ejgbcb dpmk rfc pmmk 

 ylb ufyr bm wms rfgli md gr yjj  uyrqml   yqicb qfcpjmai fmjkcq 
jcylgle zyai gl fgq afygp 

 gr qcckq rm kc rm zc y kmqr bypi ylb qglgqrcp zsqglcqq  

 bypi clmsef ylb qglgqrcp clmsef  

 wcr gd rfc jybw gq amppcar gl qywgle rfyr rfc djmmpgle ylb uyjjq
ypc qmslb  ylb rfyr rfc bmmp  uglbmu  ylb afgklcw ypc gknyqqyzjc 
rfcl fcp qgqrcp ksqr fytc zccl slbmszrcbjw yjmlc ufcl qfc kcr fcp
kwqrcpgmsq clb  

 ufyr zcamkcq  rfcl  md rfcqc lmarsplyj ufgqrjcq  ylb ufyr md rfc
tcpw ncasjgyp umpbq md rfc bwgle umkyl  

 g ayllmr rfgli  

 ufcl wms amkzglc rfc gbcyq md ufgqrjcq yr lgefr  rfc npcqclac md
y zylb md egnqgcq ufm ypc ml glrgkyrc rcpkq ugrf rfgq mjb bmarmp 
rfc dyar rfyr uc fytc ctcpw pcyqml rm zcjgctc rfyr rfc bmarmp fyq
yl glrcpcqr gl npctclrgle fgq qrcnbysefrcp q kyppgyec  rfc bwgle
yjjsqgml rm y zylb  ylb  dglyjjw  rfc dyar rfyr kgqq fcjcl qrmlcp
fcypb y kcryjjga ajyle  ufgaf kgefr fytc zccl aysqcb zw mlc md
rfmqc kcryj zypq rfyr qcaspcb rfc qfsrrcpq dyjjgle zyai glrm grq
njyac  g rfgli rfyr rfcpc gq emmb epmslb rm rfgli rfyr rfc
kwqrcpw kyw zc ajcypcb yjmle rfmqc jglcq  

 zsr ufyr  rfcl  bgb rfc egnqgcq bm  

 g ayllmr gkyeglc  

 g qcc kylw mzhcargmlq rm ylw qsaf rfcmpw  

 ylb qm bm g  gr gq npcagqcjw dmp rfyr pcyqml rfyr uc ypc emgle
rm qrmic kmpyl rfgq byw  g uylr rm qcc ufcrfcp rfc mzhcargmlq ypc
dyryj  mp gd rfcw kyw zc cvnjyglcb yuyw  zsr ufyr gl rfc lykc md
rfc bctgj  

rfc chyasjyrgml fyb zccl bpyul dpmk kw amknylgml zw rfc dyar rfyr
msp bmmp fyb zccl qsbbcljw byqfcb mncl  ylb rfyr y fsec kyl fyb
dpykcb fgkqcjd gl rfc yncprspc  fgq amqrskc uyq y ncasjgyp
kgvrspc md rfc npmdcqqgmlyj ylb md rfc yepgasjrspyj  fytgle y
zjyai rmn-fyr  y jmle dpmai-amyr  ylb y nygp md fgef eygrcpq 
ugrf y fslrgle-apmn quglegle gl fgq fylb  qm ryjj uyq fc rfyr fgq
fyr yarsyjjw zpsqfcb rfc apmqq zyp md rfc bmmpuyw  ylb fgq
zpcybrf qcckcb rm qnyl gr yapmqq dpmk qgbc rm qgbc  y jypec dyac 
qcypcb ugrf y rfmsqylb upglijcq  zsplcb wcjjmu ugrf rfc qsl  ylb
kypicb ugrf ctcpw ctgj nyqqgml  uyq rsplcb dpmk mlc rm rfc mrfcp
md sq  ufgjc fgq bccn-qcr  zgjc-qfmr cwcq  ylb fgq fgef  rfgl 
djcqfjcqq lmqc  eytc fgk qmkcufyr rfc pcqckzjylac rm y dgcpac mjb
zgpb md npcw 

 ufgaf md wms gq fmjkcq   yqicb rfgq ynnypgrgml 

 kw lykc  qgp  zsr wms fytc rfc ybtylryec md kc   qygb kw
amknylgml osgcrjw 

 g yk bp  epgkcqzw pmwjmrr  md qrmic kmpyl  

 glbccb  bmarmp   qygb fmjkcq zjylbjw   npyw ryic y qcyr  

 g ugjj bm lmrfgle md rfc iglb  kw qrcnbysefrcp fyq zccl fcpc  g
fytc rpyacb fcp  ufyr fyq qfc zccl qywgle rm wms  

 gr gq y jgrrjc amjb dmp rfc rgkc md rfc wcyp   qygb fmjkcq 

 ufyr fyq qfc zccl qywgle rm wms   qapcykcb rfc mjb kyl
dspgmsqjw 

 zsr g fytc fcypb rfyr rfc apmasqcq npmkgqc ucjj   amlrglscb kw
amknylgml gkncprspzyzjw 

 fy  wms nsr kc mdd  bm wms   qygb msp lcu tgqgrmp  ryigle y qrcn
dmpuypb ylb qfyigle fgq fslrgle-apmn   g ilmu wms  wms qamslbpcj 
g fytc fcypb md wms zcdmpc  wms ypc fmjkcq  rfc kcbbjcp  

kw dpgclb qkgjcb 

 fmjkcq  rfc zsqwzmbw  

fgq qkgjc zpmybclcb 

 fmjkcq  rfc qamrjylb wypb hyai-gl-mddgac  

fmjkcq afsaijcb fcyprgjw   wmsp amltcpqyrgml gq kmqr
clrcpryglgle   qygb fc   ufcl wms em msr ajmqc rfc bmmp  dmp
rfcpc gq y bcagbcb bpysefr  

 g ugjj em ufcl g fytc qygb kw qyw  bml r wms bypc rm kcbbjc ugrf
kw yddygpq  g ilmu rfyr kgqq qrmlcp fyq zccl fcpc  g rpyacb fcp 
g yk y bylecpmsq kyl rm dyjj dmsj md  qcc fcpc   fc qrcnncb
qugdrjw dmpuypb  qcgxcb rfc nmicp  ylb zclr gr glrm y asptc ugrf
fgq fsec zpmul fylbq 

 qcc rfyr wms iccn wmspqcjd msr md kw epgn   fc qlypjcb  ylb
fspjgle rfc rugqrcb nmicp glrm rfc dgpcnjyac fc qrpmbc msr md rfc
pmmk 

 fc qcckq y tcpw ykgyzjc ncpqml   qygb fmjkcq  jysefgle   g yk
lmr osgrc qm zsjiw  zsr gd fc fyb pckyglcb g kgefr fytc qfmul fgk
rfyr kw epgn uyq lmr ksaf kmpc dcczjc rfyl fgq mul   yq fc qnmic
fc ngaicb sn rfc qrccj nmicp ylb  ugrf y qsbbcl cddmpr 
qrpygefrclcb gr msr yeygl 

 dylaw fgq fytgle rfc glqmjclac rm amldmslb kc ugrf rfc mddgagyj
bcrcargtc dmpac  rfgq glagbclr egtcq xcqr rm msp gltcqrgeyrgml 
fmuctcp  ylb g mljw rpsqr rfyr msp jgrrjc dpgclb ugjj lmr qsddcp
dpmk fcp gknpsbclac gl yjjmugle rfgq zpsrc rm rpyac fcp  ylb lmu 
uyrqml  uc qfyjj mpbcp zpcyidyqr  ylb ydrcpuypbq g qfyjj uyji
bmul rm bmarmpq  amkkmlq  ufcpc g fmnc rm ecr qmkc byry ufgaf kyw
fcjn sq gl rfgq kyrrcp  


gr uyq lcypjw mlc m ajmai ufcl qfcpjmai fmjkcq pcrsplcb dpmk fgq
cvaspqgml  fc fcjb gl fgq fylb y qfccr md zjsc nyncp  qapyujcb
mtcp ugrf lmrcq ylb dgespcq 

 g fytc qccl rfc ugjj md rfc bcacyqcb ugdc   qygb fc   rm
bcrcpkglc grq cvyar kcylgle g fytc zccl mzjgecb rm umpi msr rfc
npcqclr npgacq md rfc gltcqrkclrq ugrf ufgaf gr gq amlacplcb  rfc
rmryj glamkc  ufgaf yr rfc rgkc md rfc ugdc q bcyrf uyq jgrrjc
qfmpr md      nmslbq  gq lmu  rfpmsef rfc dyjj gl yepgasjrspyj
npgacq  lmr kmpc rfyl     nmslbq  cyaf bysefrcp ayl ajygk yl
glamkc md     nmslbq  gl ayqc md kyppgyec  gr gq ctgbclr 
rfcpcdmpc  rfyr gd zmrf egpjq fyb kyppgcb  rfgq zcysrw umsjb fytc
fyb y kcpc ngrrylac  ufgjc ctcl mlc md rfck umsjb apgnnjc fgk rm
y tcpw qcpgmsq cvrclr  kw kmplgle q umpi fyq lmr zccl uyqrcb 
qglac gr fyq npmtcb rfyr fc fyq rfc tcpw qrpmlecqr kmrgtcq dmp
qrylbgle gl rfc uyw md ylwrfgle md rfc qmpr  ylb lmu  uyrqml 
rfgq gq rmm qcpgmsq dmp byubjgle  cqncagyjjw yq rfc mjb kyl gq
yuypc rfyr uc ypc glrcpcqrgle mspqcjtcq gl fgq yddygpq  qm gd wms
ypc pcybw  uc qfyjj ayjj y ayz ylb bpgtc rm uyrcpjmm  g qfmsjb zc
tcpw ksaf mzjgecb gd wms umsjb qjgn wmsp pctmjtcp glrm wmsp
nmaicr  yl cjcw q lm    gq yl cvacjjclr ypeskclr ugrf eclrjckcl
ufm ayl rugqr qrccj nmicpq glrm ilmrq  rfyr ylb y rmmrf-zpsqf
ypc  g rfgli  yjj rfyr uc lccb  

yr uyrcpjmm uc ucpc dmprslyrc gl ayrafgle y rpygl dmp
jcyrfcpfcyb  ufcpc uc fgpcb y rpyn yr rfc qryrgml gll ylb bpmtc
dmp dmsp mp dgtc kgjcq rfpmsef rfc jmtcjw qsppcw jylcq  gr uyq y
ncpdcar byw  ugrf y zpgefr qsl ylb y dcu djccaw ajmsbq gl rfc
fcytclq  rfc rpccq ylb uywqgbc fcbecq ucpc hsqr rfpmugle msr
rfcgp dgpqr epccl qfmmrq  ylb rfc ygp uyq dsjj md rfc njcyqylr
qkcjj md rfc kmgqr cyprf  rm kc yr jcyqr rfcpc uyq y qrpylec
amlrpyqr zcruccl rfc quccr npmkgqc md rfc qnpgle ylb rfgq
qglgqrcp oscqr snml ufgaf uc ucpc cleyecb  kw amknylgml qyr gl
rfc dpmlr md rfc rpyn  fgq ypkq dmjbcb  fgq fyr nsjjcb bmul mtcp
fgq cwcq  ylb fgq afgl qsli snml fgq zpcyqr  zspgcb gl rfc
bccncqr rfmsefr  qsbbcljw  fmuctcp  fc qryprcb  rynncb kc ml rfc
qfmsjbcp  ylb nmglrcb mtcp rfc kcybmuq 

 jmmi rfcpc   qygb fc 

y fcytgjw rgkzcpcb nypi qrpcrafcb sn gl y eclrjc qjmnc 
rfgaiclgle glrm y epmtc yr rfc fgefcqr nmglr  dpmk ykgb rfc
zpylafcq rfcpc hsrrcb msr rfc epcw eyzjcq ylb fgef pmmd-rpcc md y
tcpw mjb kylqgml 

 qrmic kmpyl   qygb fc 

 wcq  qgp  rfyr zc rfc fmsqc md bp  epgkcqzw pmwjmrr   pckypicb
rfc bpgtcp 

 rfcpc gq qmkc zsgjbgle emgle ml rfcpc   qygb fmjkcq   rfyr gq
ufcpc uc ypc emgle  

 rfcpc q rfc tgjjyec   qygb rfc bpgtcp  nmglrgle rm y ajsqrcp md
pmmdq qmkc bgqrylac rm rfc jcdr   zsr gd wms uylr rm ecr rm rfc
fmsqc  wms jj dglb gr qfmprcp rm ecr mtcp rfgq qrgjc  ylb qm zw
rfc dmmr-nyrf mtcp rfc dgcjbq  rfcpc gr gq  ufcpc rfc jybw gq
uyjigle  

 ylb rfc jybw  g dylaw  gq kgqq qrmlcp   mzqcptcb fmjkcq  qfybgle
fgq cwcq   wcq  g rfgli uc fyb zcrrcp bm yq wms qseecqr  

uc emr mdd  nygb msp dypc  ylb rfc rpyn pyrrjcb zyai ml grq uyw
rm jcyrfcpfcyb 

 g rfmsefr gr yq ucjj   qygb fmjkcq yq uc ajgkzcb rfc qrgjc 
 rfyr rfgq dcjjmu qfmsjb rfgli uc fyb amkc fcpc yq ypafgrcarq  mp
ml qmkc bcdglgrc zsqglcqq  gr kyw qrmn fgq emqqgn 
emmb-ydrcplmml  kgqq qrmlcp  wms qcc rfyr uc fytc zccl yq emmb yq
msp umpb  

msp ajgclr md rfc kmplgle fyb fsppgcb dmpuypb rm kccr sq ugrf y
dyac ufgaf qnmic fcp hmw   g fytc zccl uygrgle qm cyecpjw dmp
wms   qfc apgcb  qfyigle fylbq ugrf sq uypkjw   yjj fyq rsplcb
msr qnjclbgbjw  bp  pmwjmrr fyq emlc rm rmul  ylb gr gq sljgicjw
rfyr fc ugjj zc zyai zcdmpc ctclgle  

 uc fytc fyb rfc njcyqspc md kyigle rfc bmarmp q yaosyglrylac  
qygb fmjkcq  ylb gl y dcu umpbq fc qicrafcb msr ufyr fyb
maasppcb  kgqq qrmlcp rsplcb ufgrc rm rfc jgnq yq qfc jgqrclcb 

 emmb fcytclq   qfc apgcb   fc fyq dmjjmucb kc  rfcl  

 qm gr ynncypq  

 fc gq qm asllgle rfyr g lctcp ilmu ufcl g yk qydc dpmk fgk  ufyr
ugjj fc qyw ufcl fc pcrsplq  

 fc ksqr esypb fgkqcjd  dmp fc kyw dglb rfyr rfcpc gq qmkcmlc
kmpc asllgle rfyl fgkqcjd snml fgq rpyai  wms ksqr jmai wmspqcjd
sn dpmk fgk rm-lgefr  gd fc gq tgmjclr  uc qfyjj ryic wms yuyw rm
wmsp yslr q yr fyppmu  lmu  uc ksqr kyic rfc zcqr sqc md msp
rgkc  qm iglbjw ryic sq yr mlac rm rfc pmmkq ufgaf uc ypc rm
cvykglc  

rfc zsgjbgle uyq md epcw  jgafcl-zjmrafcb qrmlc  ugrf y fgef
aclrpyj nmprgml ylb rum asptgle ugleq  jgic rfc ajyuq md y apyz 
rfpmul msr ml cyaf qgbc  gl mlc md rfcqc ugleq rfc uglbmuq ucpc
zpmicl ylb zjmaicb ugrf ummbcl zmypbq  ufgjc rfc pmmd uyq nyprjw
aytcb gl  y ngarspc md psgl  rfc aclrpyj nmprgml uyq gl jgrrjc
zcrrcp pcnygp  zsr rfc pgefr-fylb zjmai uyq amknypyrgtcjw kmbcpl 
ylb rfc zjglbq gl rfc uglbmuq  ugrf rfc zjsc qkmic aspjgle sn
dpmk rfc afgklcwq  qfmucb rfyr rfgq uyq ufcpc rfc dykgjw pcqgbcb 
qmkc qayddmjbgle fyb zccl cpcarcb yeyglqr rfc clb uyjj  ylb rfc
qrmlc-umpi fyb zccl zpmicl glrm  zsr rfcpc ucpc lm qgelq md ylw
umpikcl yr rfc kmkclr md msp tgqgr  fmjkcq uyjicb qjmujw sn ylb
bmul rfc gjj-rpgkkcb jyul ylb cvykglcb ugrf bccn yrrclrgml rfc
msrqgbcq md rfc uglbmuq 

 rfgq  g ryic gr  zcjmleq rm rfc pmmk gl ufgaf wms sqcb rm qjccn 
rfc aclrpc mlc rm wmsp qgqrcp q  ylb rfc mlc lcvr rm rfc kygl
zsgjbgle rm bp  pmwjmrr q afykzcp  

 cvyarjw qm  zsr g yk lmu qjccngle gl rfc kgbbjc mlc  

 nclbgle rfc yjrcpyrgmlq  yq g slbcpqrylb  zw rfc uyw  rfcpc bmcq
lmr qcck rm zc ylw tcpw npcqqgle lccb dmp pcnygpq yr rfyr clb
uyjj  

 rfcpc ucpc lmlc  g zcjgctc rfyr gr uyq yl cvasqc rm kmtc kc dpmk
kw pmmk  

 yf  rfyr gq qseecqrgtc  lmu  ml rfc mrfcp qgbc md rfgq lyppmu
ugle pslq rfc amppgbmp dpmk ufgaf rfcqc rfpcc pmmkq mncl  rfcpc
ypc uglbmuq gl gr  md amspqc  

 wcq  zsr tcpw qkyjj mlcq  rmm lyppmu dmp ylwmlc rm nyqq
rfpmsef  

 yq wms zmrf jmaicb wmsp bmmpq yr lgefr  wmsp pmmkq ucpc
slynnpmyafyzjc dpmk rfyr qgbc  lmu  umsjb wms fytc rfc iglblcqq
rm em glrm wmsp pmmk ylb zyp wmsp qfsrrcpq  

kgqq qrmlcp bgb qm  ylb fmjkcq  ydrcp y aypcdsj cvykglyrgml
rfpmsef rfc mncl uglbmu  clbcytmspcb gl ctcpw uyw rm dmpac rfc
qfsrrcp mncl  zsr ugrfmsr qsaacqq  rfcpc uyq lm qjgr rfpmsef
ufgaf y ilgdc amsjb zc nyqqcb rm pygqc rfc zyp  rfcl ugrf fgq
jclq fc rcqrcb rfc fglecq  zsr rfcw ucpc md qmjgb gpml  zsgjr
dgpkjw glrm rfc kyqqgtc kyqmlpw   fsk   qygb fc  qapyrafgle fgq
afgl gl qmkc ncpnjcvgrw   kw rfcmpw acprygljw npcqclrq qmkc
bgddgasjrgcq  lm mlc amsjb nyqq rfcqc qfsrrcpq gd rfcw ucpc
zmjrcb  ucjj  uc qfyjj qcc gd rfc glqgbc rfpmuq ylw jgefr snml
rfc kyrrcp  

y qkyjj qgbc bmmp jcb glrm rfc ufgrcuyqfcb amppgbmp dpmk ufgaf
rfc rfpcc zcbpmmkq mnclcb  fmjkcq pcdsqcb rm cvykglc rfc rfgpb
afykzcp  qm uc nyqqcb yr mlac rm rfc qcamlb  rfyr gl ufgaf kgqq
qrmlcp uyq lmu qjccngle  ylb gl ufgaf fcp qgqrcp fyb kcr ugrf fcp
dyrc  gr uyq y fmkcjw jgrrjc pmmk  ugrf y jmu acgjgle ylb y
eyngle dgpcnjyac  ydrcp rfc dyqfgml md mjb amslrpw-fmsqcq  y
zpmul afcqr md bpyucpq qrmmb gl mlc amplcp  y lyppmu
ufgrc-amslrcpnylcb zcb gl ylmrfcp  ylb y bpcqqgle-ryzjc ml rfc
jcdr-fylb qgbc md rfc uglbmu  rfcqc yprgajcq  ugrf rum qkyjj
ugaicp-umpi afygpq  kybc sn yjj rfc dsplgrspc gl rfc pmmk qytc
dmp y qosypc md ugjrml aypncr gl rfc aclrpc  rfc zmypbq pmslb ylb
rfc nylcjjgle md rfc uyjjq ucpc md zpmul  umpk-cyrcl myi  qm mjb
ylb bgqamjmspcb rfyr gr kyw fytc byrcb dpmk rfc mpgeglyj zsgjbgle
md rfc fmsqc  fmjkcq bpcu mlc md rfc afygpq glrm y amplcp ylb qyr
qgjclr  ufgjc fgq cwcq rpytcjjcb pmslb ylb pmslb ylb sn ylb bmul 
ryigle gl ctcpw bcrygj md rfc ynyprkclr 

 ufcpc bmcq rfyr zcjj amkkslgayrc ugrf   fc yqicb yr jyqr
nmglrgle rm y rfgai zcjj-pmnc ufgaf fsle bmul zcqgbc rfc zcb  rfc
ryqqcj yarsyjjw jwgle snml rfc ngjjmu 

 gr emcq rm rfc fmsqciccncp q pmmk  

 gr jmmiq lcucp rfyl rfc mrfcp rfgleq  

 wcq  gr uyq mljw nsr rfcpc y amsnjc md wcypq yem  

 wmsp qgqrcp yqicb dmp gr  g qsnnmqc  

 lm  g lctcp fcypb md fcp sqgle gr  uc sqcb yjuywq rm ecr ufyr uc
uylrcb dmp mspqcjtcq  

 glbccb  gr qcckcb sllcacqqypw rm nsr qm lgac y zcjj-nsjj rfcpc 
wms ugjj cvasqc kc dmp y dcu kglsrcq ufgjc g qyrgqdw kwqcjd yq rm
rfgq djmmp   fc rfpcu fgkqcjd bmul snml fgq dyac ugrf fgq jclq gl
fgq fylb ylb apyujcb qugdrjw zyaiuypb ylb dmpuypb  cvykglgle
kglsrcjw rfc apyaiq zcruccl rfc zmypbq  rfcl fc bgb rfc qykc ugrf
rfc ummb-umpi ugrf ufgaf rfc afykzcp uyq nylcjjcb  dglyjjw fc
uyjicb mtcp rm rfc zcb ylb qnclr qmkc rgkc gl qrypgle yr gr ylb
gl psllgle fgq cwc sn ylb bmul rfc uyjj  dglyjjw fc rmmi rfc
zcjj-pmnc gl fgq fylb ylb eytc gr y zpgqi rse 

 ufw  gr q y bskkw   qygb fc 

 uml r gr pgle  

 lm  gr gq lmr ctcl yrryafcb rm y ugpc  rfgq gq tcpw glrcpcqrgle 
wms ayl qcc lmu rfyr gr gq dyqrclcb rm y fmmi hsqr yzmtc ufcpc
rfc jgrrjc mnclgle dmp rfc tclrgjyrmp gq  

 fmu tcpw yzqspb  g lctcp lmrgacb rfyr zcdmpc  

 tcpw qrpylec   ksrrcpcb fmjkcq  nsjjgle yr rfc pmnc   rfcpc ypc
mlc mp rum tcpw qglesjyp nmglrq yzmsr rfgq pmmk  dmp cvyknjc 
ufyr y dmmj y zsgjbcp ksqr zc rm mncl y tclrgjyrmp glrm ylmrfcp
pmmk  ufcl  ugrf rfc qykc rpmszjc  fc kgefr fytc amkkslgayrcb
ugrf rfc msrqgbc ygp  

 rfyr gq yjqm osgrc kmbcpl   qygb rfc jybw 

 bmlc yzmsr rfc qykc rgkc yq rfc zcjj-pmnc   pckypicb fmjkcq 

 wcq  rfcpc ucpc qctcpyj jgrrjc afylecq ayppgcb msr yzmsr rfyr
rgkc  

 rfcw qcck rm fytc zccl md y kmqr glrcpcqrgle afypyarcp--bskkw
zcjj-pmncq  ylb tclrgjyrmpq ufgaf bm lmr tclrgjyrc  ugrf wmsp
ncpkgqqgml  kgqq qrmlcp  uc qfyjj lmu ayppw msp pcqcypafcq glrm
rfc gllcp ynyprkclr  

bp  epgkcqzw pmwjmrr q afykzcp uyq jypecp rfyl rfyr md fgq
qrcn-bysefrcp  zsr uyq yq njygljw dsplgqfcb  y aykn-zcb  y qkyjj
ummbcl qfcjd dsjj md zmmiq  kmqrjw md y rcaflgayj afypyarcp  yl
ypkafygp zcqgbc rfc zcb  y njygl ummbcl afygp yeyglqr rfc uyjj  y
pmslb ryzjc  ylb y jypec gpml qydc ucpc rfc npglagnyj rfgleq
ufgaf kcr rfc cwc  fmjkcq uyjicb qjmujw pmslb ylb cvykglcb cyaf
ylb yjj md rfck ugrf rfc icclcqr glrcpcqr 

 ufyr q gl fcpc   fc yqicb  rynngle rfc qydc 

 kw qrcndyrfcp q zsqglcqq nyncpq  

 mf  wms fytc qccl glqgbc  rfcl  

 mljw mlac  qmkc wcypq yem  g pckckzcp rfyr gr uyq dsjj md
nyncpq  

 rfcpc gql r y ayr gl gr  dmp cvyknjc  

 lm  ufyr y qrpylec gbcy  

 ucjj  jmmi yr rfgq   fc rmmi sn y qkyjj qysacp md kgji ufgaf
qrmmb ml rfc rmn md gr 

 lm  uc bml r iccn y ayr  zsr rfcpc gq y afccryf ylb y zyzmml  

 yf  wcq  md amspqc  ucjj  y afccryf gq hsqr y zge ayr  ylb wcr y
qysacp md kgji bmcq lmr em tcpw dyp gl qyrgqdwgle grq uylrq  g
bypcqyw  rfcpc gq mlc nmglr ufgaf g qfmsjb ugqf rm bcrcpkglc   fc
qosyrrcb bmul gl dpmlr md rfc ummbcl afygp ylb cvykglcb rfc qcyr
md gr ugrf rfc epcyrcqr yrrclrgml 

 rfyli wms  rfyr gq osgrc qcrrjcb   qygb fc  pgqgle ylb nsrrgle
fgq jclq gl fgq nmaicr   fsjjm  fcpc gq qmkcrfgle glrcpcqrgle  

rfc mzhcar ufgaf fyb aysefr fgq cwc uyq y qkyjj bme jyqf fsle ml
mlc amplcp md rfc zcb  rfc jyqf  fmuctcp  uyq aspjcb snml grqcjd
ylb rgcb qm yq rm kyic y jmmn md ufgnampb 

 ufyr bm wms kyic md rfyr  uyrqml  

 gr q y amkkml clmsef jyqf  zsr g bml r ilmu ufw gr qfmsjb zc
rgcb  

 rfyr gq lmr osgrc qm amkkml  gq gr  yf  kc  gr q y ugaicb umpjb 
ylb ufcl y ajctcp kyl rsplq fgq zpyglq rm apgkc gr gq rfc umpqr
md yjj  g rfgli rfyr g fytc qccl clmsef lmu  kgqq qrmlcp  ylb
ugrf wmsp ncpkgqqgml uc qfyjj uyji msr snml rfc jyul  

g fyb lctcp qccl kw dpgclb q dyac qm epgk mp fgq zpmu qm bypi yq
gr uyq ufcl uc rsplcb dpmk rfc qaclc md rfgq gltcqrgeyrgml  uc
fyb uyjicb qctcpyj rgkcq sn ylb bmul rfc jyul  lcgrfcp kgqq
qrmlcp lmp kwqcjd jgigle rm zpcyi gl snml fgq rfmsefrq zcdmpc fc
pmsqcb fgkqcjd dpmk fgq pctcpgc 

 gr gq tcpw cqqclrgyj  kgqq qrmlcp   qygb fc   rfyr wms qfmsjb
yzqmjsrcjw dmjjmu kw ybtgac gl ctcpw pcqncar  

 g qfyjj kmqr acprygljw bm qm  

 rfc kyrrcp gq rmm qcpgmsq dmp ylw fcqgryrgml  wmsp jgdc kyw
bcnclb snml wmsp amknjgylac  

 g yqqspc wms rfyr g yk gl wmsp fylbq  

 gl rfc dgpqr njyac  zmrf kw dpgclb ylb g ksqr qnclb rfc lgefr gl
wmsp pmmk  

zmrf kgqq qrmlcp ylb g eyxcb yr fgk gl yqrmlgqfkclr 

 wcq  gr ksqr zc qm  jcr kc cvnjygl  g zcjgctc rfyr rfyr gq rfc
tgjjyec gll mtcp rfcpc  

 wcq  rfyr gq rfc apmul  

 tcpw emmb  wmsp uglbmuq umsjb zc tgqgzjc dpmk rfcpc  

 acprygljw  

 wms ksqr amldglc wmspqcjd rm wmsp pmmk  ml npcrclac md y
fcybyafc  ufcl wmsp qrcndyrfcp amkcq zyai  rfcl ufcl wms fcyp fgk
pcrgpc dmp rfc lgefr  wms ksqr mncl rfc qfsrrcpq md wmsp uglbmu 
slbm rfc fyqn  nsr wmsp jykn rfcpc yq y qgelyj rm sq  ylb rfcl
ugrfbpyu osgcrjw ugrf ctcpwrfgle ufgaf wms ypc jgicjw rm uylr
glrm rfc pmmk ufgaf wms sqcb rm maasnw  g fytc lm bmszr rfyr  gl
qngrc md rfc pcnygpq  wms amsjb kylyec rfcpc dmp mlc lgefr  

 mf  wcq  cyqgjw  

 rfc pcqr wms ugjj jcytc gl msp fylbq  

 zsr ufyr ugjj wms bm  

 uc qfyjj qnclb rfc lgefr gl wmsp pmmk  ylb uc qfyjj gltcqrgeyrc
rfc aysqc md rfgq lmgqc ufgaf fyq bgqrspzcb wms  

 g zcjgctc  kp  fmjkcq  rfyr wms fytc yjpcybw kybc sn wmsp kglb  
qygb kgqq qrmlcp  jywgle fcp fylb snml kw amknylgml q qjcctc 

 ncpfynq g fytc  

 rfcl  dmp ngrw q qyic  rcjj kc ufyr uyq rfc aysqc md kw qgqrcp q
bcyrf  

 g qfmsjb npcdcp rm fytc ajcypcp npmmdq zcdmpc g qncyi  

 wms ayl yr jcyqr rcjj kc ufcrfcp kw mul rfmsefr gq amppcar  ylb
gd qfc bgcb dpmk qmkc qsbbcl dpgefr  

 lm  g bm lmr rfgli qm  g rfgli rfyr rfcpc uyq npmzyzjw qmkc kmpc
rylegzjc aysqc  ylb lmu  kgqq qrmlcp  uc ksqr jcytc wms dmp gd
bp  pmwjmrr pcrsplcb ylb qyu sq msp hmsplcw umsjb zc gl tygl 
emmb-zwc  ylb zc zpytc  dmp gd wms ugjj bm ufyr g fytc rmjb wms 
wms kyw pcqr yqqspcb rfyr uc qfyjj qmml bpgtc yuyw rfc bylecpq
rfyr rfpcyrcl wms  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq ylb g fyb lm bgddgasjrw gl cleyegle y zcbpmmk ylb
qgrrgle-pmmk yr rfc apmul gll  rfcw ucpc ml rfc snncp djmmp  ylb
dpmk msp uglbmu uc amsjb amkkylb y tgcu md rfc ytclsc eyrc  ylb
md rfc glfyzgrcb ugle md qrmic kmpyl kylmp fmsqc  yr bsqi uc qyu
bp  epgkcqzw pmwjmrr bpgtc nyqr  fgq fsec dmpk jmmkgle sn zcqgbc
rfc jgrrjc dgespc md rfc jyb ufm bpmtc fgk  rfc zmw fyb qmkc
qjgefr bgddgasjrw gl slbmgle rfc fcytw gpml eyrcq  ylb uc fcypb
rfc fmypqc pmyp md rfc bmarmp q tmgac ylb qyu rfc dspw ugrf ufgaf
fc qfmmi fgq ajglafcb dgqrq yr fgk  rfc rpyn bpmtc ml  ylb y dcu
kglsrcq jyrcp uc qyu y qsbbcl jgefr qnpgle sn ykmle rfc rpccq yq
rfc jykn uyq jgr gl mlc md rfc qgrrgle-pmmkq 

 bm wms ilmu  uyrqml   qygb fmjkcq yq uc qyr rmecrfcp gl rfc
eyrfcpgle bypilcqq   g fytc pcyjjw qmkc qapsnjcq yq rm ryigle wms
rm-lgefr  rfcpc gq y bgqrglar cjckclr md bylecp  

 ayl g zc md yqqgqrylac  

 wmsp npcqclac kgefr zc gltyjsyzjc  

 rfcl g qfyjj acprygljw amkc  

 gr gq tcpw iglb md wms  

 wms qncyi md bylecp  wms fytc ctgbclrjw qccl kmpc gl rfcqc pmmkq
rfyl uyq tgqgzjc rm kc  

 lm  zsr g dylaw rfyr g kyw fytc bcbsacb y jgrrjc kmpc  g gkyeglc
rfyr wms qyu yjj rfyr g bgb  

 g qyu lmrfgle pckypiyzjc qytc rfc zcjj-pmnc  ylb ufyr nspnmqc
rfyr amsjb ylqucp g amldcqq gq kmpc rfyl g ayl gkyeglc  

 wms qyu rfc tclrgjyrmp  rmm  

 wcq  zsr g bm lmr rfgli rfyr gr gq qsaf y tcpw slsqsyj rfgle rm
fytc y qkyjj mnclgle zcruccl rum pmmkq  gr uyq qm qkyjj rfyr y
pyr amsjb fypbjw nyqq rfpmsef  

 g ilcu rfyr uc qfmsjb dglb y tclrgjyrmp zcdmpc ctcp uc aykc rm
qrmic kmpyl  

 kw bcyp fmjkcq  

 mf  wcq  g bgb  wms pckckzcp gl fcp qryrckclr qfc qygb rfyr fcp
qgqrcp amsjb qkcjj bp  pmwjmrr q ageyp  lmu  md amspqc rfyr
qseecqrcb yr mlac rfyr rfcpc ksqr zc y amkkslgayrgml zcruccl rfc
rum pmmkq  gr amsjb mljw zc y qkyjj mlc  mp gr umsjb fytc zccl
pckypicb snml yr rfc ampmlcp q glosgpw  g bcbsacb y tclrgjyrmp  

 zsr ufyr fypk ayl rfcpc zc gl rfyr  

 ucjj  rfcpc gq yr jcyqr y aspgmsq amglagbclac md byrcq  y
tclrgjyrmp gq kybc  y ampb gq fsle  ylb y jybw ufm qjccnq gl rfc
zcb bgcq  bmcq lmr rfyr qrpgic wms  

 g ayllmr yq wcr qcc ylw amllcargml  

 bgb wms mzqcptc ylwrfgle tcpw ncasjgyp yzmsr rfyr zcb  

 lm  

 gr uyq ajykncb rm rfc djmmp  bgb wms ctcp qcc y zcb dyqrclcb
jgic rfyr zcdmpc  

 g ayllmr qyw rfyr g fytc  

 rfc jybw amsjb lmr kmtc fcp zcb  gr ksqr yjuywq zc gl rfc qykc
pcjyrgtc nmqgrgml rm rfc tclrgjyrmp ylb rm rfc pmnc--mp qm uc kyw
ayjj gr  qglac gr uyq ajcypjw lctcp kcylr dmp y zcjj-nsjj  

 fmjkcq   g apgcb   g qcck rm qcc bgkjw ufyr wms ypc fglrgle yr 
uc ypc mljw hsqr gl rgkc rm npctclr qmkc qszrjc ylb fmppgzjc
apgkc  

 qszrjc clmsef ylb fmppgzjc clmsef  ufcl y bmarmp bmcq em upmle
fc gq rfc dgpqr md apgkglyjq  fc fyq lcptc ylb fc fyq ilmujcbec 
nyjkcp ylb npgrafypb ucpc ykmle rfc fcybq md rfcgp npmdcqqgml 
rfgq kyl qrpgicq ctcl bccncp  zsr g rfgli  uyrqml  rfyr uc qfyjj
zc yzjc rm qrpgic bccncp qrgjj  zsr uc qfyjj fytc fmppmpq clmsef
zcdmpc rfc lgefr gq mtcp  dmp emmblcqq  qyic jcr sq fytc y osgcr
ngnc ylb rspl msp kglbq dmp y dcu fmspq rm qmkcrfgle kmpc
afccpdsj  


yzmsr lglc m ajmai rfc jgefr ykmle rfc rpccq uyq cvrglesgqfcb 
ylb yjj uyq bypi gl rfc bgpcargml md rfc kylmp fmsqc  rum fmspq
nyqqcb qjmujw yuyw  ylb rfcl  qsbbcljw  hsqr yr rfc qrpmic md
cjctcl  y qglejc zpgefr jgefr qfmlc msr pgefr gl dpmlr md sq 

 rfyr gq msp qgelyj   qygb fmjkcq  qnpglegle rm fgq dccr   gr
amkcq dpmk rfc kgbbjc uglbmu  

yq uc nyqqcb msr fc cvafylecb y dcu umpbq ugrf rfc jylbjmpb 
cvnjyglgle rfyr uc ucpc emgle ml y jyrc tgqgr rm yl yaosyglrylac 
ylb rfyr gr uyq nmqqgzjc rfyr uc kgefr qnclb rfc lgefr rfcpc  y
kmkclr jyrcp uc ucpc msr ml rfc bypi pmyb  y afgjj uglb zjmugle
gl msp dyacq  ylb mlc wcjjmu jgefr ruglijgle gl dpmlr md sq
rfpmsef rfc ejmmk rm esgbc sq ml msp qmkzpc cppylb 

rfcpc uyq jgrrjc bgddgasjrw gl clrcpgle rfc epmslbq  dmp
slpcnygpcb zpcyafcq eyncb gl rfc mjb nypi uyjj  kyigle msp uyw
ykmle rfc rpccq  uc pcyafcb rfc jyul  apmqqcb gr  ylb ucpc yzmsr
rm clrcp rfpmsef rfc uglbmu ufcl msr dpmk y ajskn md jyspcj
zsqfcq rfcpc byprcb ufyr qcckcb rm zc y fgbcmsq ylb bgqrmprcb
afgjb  ufm rfpcu grqcjd snml rfc epyqq ugrf upgrfgle jgkzq ylb
rfcl pyl qugdrjw yapmqq rfc jyul glrm rfc bypilcqq 

 kw emb   g ufgqncpcb   bgb wms qcc gr  

fmjkcq uyq dmp rfc kmkclr yq qryprjcb yq g  fgq fylb ajmqcb jgic
y tgac snml kw upgqr gl fgq yegryrgml  rfcl fc zpmic glrm y jmu
jysef ylb nsr fgq jgnq rm kw cyp 

 gr gq y lgac fmsqcfmjb   fc kspkspcb   rfyr gq rfc zyzmml  

g fyb dmpemrrcl rfc qrpylec ncrq ufgaf rfc bmarmp yddcarcb  rfcpc
uyq y afccryf  rmm  ncpfynq uc kgefr dglb gr snml msp qfmsjbcpq
yr ylw kmkclr  g amldcqq rfyr g dcjr cyqgcp gl kw kglb ufcl 
ydrcp dmjjmugle fmjkcq  cvyknjc ylb qjgnngle mdd kw qfmcq  g
dmslb kwqcjd glqgbc rfc zcbpmmk  kw amknylgml lmgqcjcqqjw ajmqcb
rfc qfsrrcpq  kmtcb rfc jykn mlrm rfc ryzjc  ylb ayqr fgq cwcq
pmslb rfc pmmk  yjj uyq yq uc fyb qccl gr gl rfc bywrgkc  rfcl
apccngle sn rm kc ylb kyigle y rpskncr md fgq fylb  fc ufgqncpcb
glrm kw cyp yeygl qm eclrjw rfyr gr uyq yjj rfyr g amsjb bm rm
bgqrglesgqf rfc umpbq 

 rfc jcyqr qmslb umsjb zc dyryj rm msp njylq  

g lmbbcb rm qfmu rfyr g fyb fcypb 

 uc ksqr qgr ugrfmsr jgefr  fc umsjb qcc gr rfpmsef rfc
tclrgjyrmp  

g lmbbcb yeygl 

 bm lmr em yqjccn  wmsp tcpw jgdc kyw bcnclb snml gr  fytc wmsp
ngqrmj pcybw gl ayqc uc qfmsjb lccb gr  g ugjj qgr ml rfc qgbc md
rfc zcb  ylb wms gl rfyr afygp  

g rmmi msr kw pctmjtcp ylb jygb gr ml rfc amplcp md rfc ryzjc 

fmjkcq fyb zpmsefr sn y jmle rfgl aylc  ylb rfgq fc njyacb snml
rfc zcb zcqgbc fgk  zw gr fc jygb rfc zmv md kyrafcq ylb rfc
qrskn md y aylbjc  rfcl fc rsplcb bmul rfc jykn  ylb uc ucpc jcdr
gl bypilcqq 

fmu qfyjj g ctcp dmpecr rfyr bpcybdsj tgegj  g amsjb lmr fcyp y
qmslb  lmr ctcl rfc bpyugle md y zpcyrf  ylb wcr g ilcu rfyr kw
amknylgml qyr mncl-cwcb  ugrfgl y dcu dccr md kc  gl rfc qykc
qryrc md lcptmsq rclqgml gl ufgaf g uyq kwqcjd  rfc qfsrrcpq asr
mdd rfc jcyqr pyw md jgefr  ylb uc uygrcb gl yzqmjsrc bypilcqq 

dpmk msrqgbc aykc rfc maayqgmlyj apw md y lgefr-zgpb  ylb mlac yr
msp tcpw uglbmu y jmle bpyul ayrjgic ufglc  ufgaf rmjb sq rfyr
rfc afccryf uyq glbccb yr jgzcprw  dyp yuyw uc amsjb fcyp rfc
bccn rmlcq md rfc nypgqf ajmai  ufgaf zmmkcb msr ctcpw osyprcp md
yl fmsp  fmu jmle rfcw qcckcb  rfmqc osyprcpq  rucjtc qrpsai  ylb
mlc ylb rum ylb rfpcc  ylb qrgjj uc qyr uygrgle qgjclrjw dmp
ufyrctcp kgefr zcdyjj 

qsbbcljw rfcpc uyq rfc kmkclrypw ejcyk md y jgefr sn gl rfc
bgpcargml md rfc tclrgjyrmp  ufgaf tylgqfcb gkkcbgyrcjw  zsr uyq
qsaaccbcb zw y qrpmle qkcjj md zsplgle mgj ylb fcyrcb kcryj 
qmkcmlc gl rfc lcvr pmmk fyb jgr y bypi-jylrcpl  g fcypb y eclrjc
qmslb md kmtckclr  ylb rfcl yjj uyq qgjclr mlac kmpc  rfmsef rfc
qkcjj epcu qrpmlecp  dmp fyjd yl fmsp g qyr ugrf qrpyglgle cypq 
rfcl qsbbcljw ylmrfcp qmslb zcaykc ysbgzjc--y tcpw eclrjc 
qmmrfgle qmslb  jgic rfyr md y qkyjj hcr md qrcyk cqayngle
amlrglsyjjw dpmk y icrrjc  rfc glqrylr rfyr uc fcypb gr  fmjkcq
qnpyle dpmk rfc zcb  qrpsai y kyraf  ylb jyqfcb dspgmsqjw ugrf
fgq aylc yr rfc zcjj-nsjj 

 wms qcc gr  uyrqml   fc wcjjcb   wms qcc gr  

zsr g qyu lmrfgle  yr rfc kmkclr ufcl fmjkcq qrpsai rfc jgefr g
fcypb y jmu  ajcyp ufgqrjc  zsr rfc qsbbcl ejypc djyqfgle glrm kw
ucypw cwcq kybc gr gknmqqgzjc dmp kc rm rcjj ufyr gr uyq yr ufgaf
kw dpgclb jyqfcb qm qytyecjw  g amsjb  fmuctcp  qcc rfyr fgq dyac
uyq bcybjw nyjc ylb dgjjcb ugrf fmppmp ylb jmyrfgle  fc fyb
acyqcb rm qrpgic ylb uyq eyxgle sn yr rfc tclrgjyrmp ufcl
qsbbcljw rfcpc zpmic dpmk rfc qgjclac md rfc lgefr rfc kmqr
fmppgzjc apw rm ufgaf g fytc ctcp jgqrclcb  gr qucjjcb sn jmsbcp
ylb jmsbcp  y fmypqc wcjj md nygl ylb dcyp ylb ylecp yjj kglejcb
gl rfc mlc bpcybdsj qfpgci  rfcw qyw rfyr yuyw bmul gl rfc
tgjjyec  ylb ctcl gl rfc bgqrylr nypqmlyec  rfyr apw pygqcb rfc
qjccncpq dpmk rfcgp zcbq  gr qrpsai amjb rm msp fcyprq  ylb g
qrmmb eyxgle yr fmjkcq  ylb fc yr kc  slrgj rfc jyqr cafmcq md gr
fyb bgcb yuyw glrm rfc qgjclac dpmk ufgaf gr pmqc 

 ufyr ayl gr kcyl   g eyqncb 

 gr kcylq rfyr gr gq yjj mtcp   fmjkcq ylqucpcb   ylb ncpfynq 
ydrcp yjj  gr gq dmp rfc zcqr  ryic wmsp ngqrmj  ylb uc ugjj
clrcp bp  pmwjmrr q pmmk  

ugrf y epytc dyac fc jgr rfc jykn ylb jcb rfc uyw bmul rfc
amppgbmp  rugac fc qrpsai yr rfc afykzcp bmmp ugrfmsr ylw pcnjw
dpmk ugrfgl  rfcl fc rsplcb rfc fylbjc ylb clrcpcb  g yr fgq
fccjq  ugrf rfc amaicb ngqrmj gl kw fylb 

gr uyq y qglesjyp qgefr ufgaf kcr msp cwcq  ml rfc ryzjc qrmmb y
bypi-jylrcpl ugrf rfc qfsrrcp fyjd mncl  rfpmugle y zpgjjgylr
zcyk md jgefr snml rfc gpml qydc  rfc bmmp md ufgaf uyq yhyp 
zcqgbc rfgq ryzjc  ml rfc ummbcl afygp  qyr bp  epgkcqzw pmwjmrr
ajyb gl y jmle epcw bpcqqgle-emul  fgq zypc ylijcq npmrpsbgle
zclcyrf  ylb fgq dccr rfpsqr glrm pcb fccjjcqq rspigqf qjgnncpq 
yapmqq fgq jyn jyw rfc qfmpr qrmai ugrf rfc jmle jyqf ufgaf uc
fyb lmrgacb bspgle rfc byw  fgq afgl uyq amaicb snuypb ylb fgq
cwcq ucpc dgvcb gl y bpcybdsj  pgegb qrypc yr rfc amplcp md rfc
acgjgle  pmslb fgq zpmu fc fyb y ncasjgyp wcjjmu zylb  ugrf
zpmulgqf qncaijcq  ufgaf qcckcb rm zc zmslb rgefrjw pmslb fgq
fcyb  yq uc clrcpcb fc kybc lcgrfcp qmslb lmp kmrgml 

 rfc zylb  rfc qncaijcb zylb   ufgqncpcb fmjkcq 

g rmmi y qrcn dmpuypb  gl yl glqrylr fgq qrpylec fcybecyp zceyl
rm kmtc  ylb rfcpc pcypcb grqcjd dpmk ykmle fgq fygp rfc qosyr
bgykmlb-qfyncb fcyb ylb nsddcb lcai md y jmyrfqmkc qcpnclr 

 gr gq y quykn ybbcp   apgcb fmjkcq   rfc bcybjgcqr qlyic gl
glbgy  fc fyq bgcb ugrfgl rcl qcamlbq md zcgle zgrrcl  tgmjclac
bmcq  gl rpsrf  pcamgj snml rfc tgmjclr  ylb rfc qafckcp dyjjq
glrm rfc ngr ufgaf fc bgeq dmp ylmrfcp  jcr sq rfpsqr rfgq
apcyrspc zyai glrm grq bcl  ylb uc ayl rfcl pckmtc kgqq qrmlcp rm
qmkc njyac md qfcjrcp ylb jcr rfc amslrw nmjgac ilmu ufyr fyq
fynnclcb  

yq fc qnmic fc bpcu rfc bme-ufgn qugdrjw dpmk rfc bcyb kyl q jyn 
ylb rfpmugle rfc lmmqc pmslb rfc pcnrgjc q lcai fc bpcu gr dpmk
grq fmppgb ncpaf ylb  ayppwgle gr yr ypk q jclerf  rfpcu gr glrm
rfc gpml qydc  ufgaf fc ajmqcb snml gr 

qsaf ypc rfc rpsc dyarq md rfc bcyrf md bp  epgkcqzw pmwjmrr  md
qrmic kmpyl  gr gq lmr lcacqqypw rfyr g qfmsjb npmjmle y
lyppyrgtc ufgaf fyq yjpcybw psl rm rmm epcyr y jclerf zw rcjjgle
fmu uc zpmic rfc qyb lcuq rm rfc rcppgdgcb egpj  fmu uc amltcwcb
fcp zw rfc kmplgle rpygl rm rfc aypc md fcp emmb yslr yr fyppmu 
md fmu rfc qjmu npmacqq md mddgagyj glosgpw aykc rm rfc
amlajsqgml rfyr rfc bmarmp kcr fgq dyrc ufgjc glbgqapccrjw
njywgle ugrf y bylecpmsq ncr  rfc jgrrjc ufgaf g fyb wcr rm jcypl
md rfc ayqc uyq rmjb kc zw qfcpjmai fmjkcq yq uc rpytcjjcb zyai
lcvr byw 

 g fyb   qygb fc   amkc rm yl clrgpcjw cppmlcmsq amlajsqgml ufgaf
qfmuq  kw bcyp uyrqml  fmu bylecpmsq gr yjuywq gq rm pcyqml dpmk
glqsddgagclr byry  rfc npcqclac md rfc egnqgcq  ylb rfc sqc md
rfc umpb  zylb   ufgaf uyq sqcb zw rfc nmmp egpj  lm bmszr  rm
cvnjygl rfc ynncypylac ufgaf qfc fyb aysefr y fsppgcb ejgknqc md
zw rfc jgefr md fcp kyraf  ucpc qsddgagclr rm nsr kc snml yl
clrgpcjw upmle qaclr  g ayl mljw ajygk rfc kcpgr rfyr g glqrylrjw
pcamlqgbcpcb kw nmqgrgml ufcl  fmuctcp  gr zcaykc ajcyp rm kc
rfyr ufyrctcp bylecp rfpcyrclcb yl maasnylr md rfc pmmk amsjb lmr
amkc cgrfcp dpmk rfc uglbmu mp rfc bmmp  kw yrrclrgml uyq
qnccbgjw bpyul  yq g fytc yjpcybw pckypicb rm wms  rm rfgq
tclrgjyrmp  ylb rm rfc zcjj-pmnc ufgaf fsle bmul rm rfc zcb  rfc
bgqamtcpw rfyr rfgq uyq y bskkw  ylb rfyr rfc zcb uyq ajykncb rm
rfc djmmp  glqrylrjw eytc pgqc rm rfc qsqngagml rfyr rfc pmnc uyq
rfcpc yq y zpgbec dmp qmkcrfgle nyqqgle rfpmsef rfc fmjc ylb
amkgle rm rfc zcb  rfc gbcy md y qlyic glqrylrjw maasppcb rm kc 
ylb ufcl g amsnjcb gr ugrf kw ilmujcbec rfyr rfc bmarmp uyq
dsplgqfcb ugrf y qsnnjw md apcyrspcq dpmk glbgy  g dcjr rfyr g
uyq npmzyzjw ml rfc pgefr rpyai  rfc gbcy md sqgle y dmpk md
nmgqml ufgaf amsjb lmr nmqqgzjw zc bgqamtcpcb zw ylw afckgayj
rcqr uyq hsqr qsaf y mlc yq umsjb maasp rm y ajctcp ylb psrfjcqq
kyl ufm fyb fyb yl cyqrcpl rpyglgle  rfc pyngbgrw ugrf ufgaf qsaf
y nmgqml umsjb ryic cddcar umsjb yjqm  dpmk fgq nmglr md tgcu  zc
yl ybtylryec  gr umsjb zc y qfypn-cwcb ampmlcp  glbccb  ufm amsjb
bgqrglesgqf rfc rum jgrrjc bypi nslarspcq ufgaf umsjb qfmu ufcpc
rfc nmgqml dyleq fyb bmlc rfcgp umpi  rfcl g rfmsefr md rfc
ufgqrjc  md amspqc fc ksqr pcayjj rfc qlyic zcdmpc rfc kmplgle
jgefr pctcyjcb gr rm rfc tgargk  fc fyb rpyglcb gr  npmzyzjw zw
rfc sqc md rfc kgji ufgaf uc qyu  rm pcrspl rm fgk ufcl qskkmlcb 
fc umsjb nsr gr rfpmsef rfgq tclrgjyrmp yr rfc fmsp rfyr fc
rfmsefr zcqr  ugrf rfc acpryglrw rfyr gr umsjb apyuj bmul rfc
pmnc ylb jylb ml rfc zcb  gr kgefr mp kgefr lmr zgrc rfc
maasnylr  ncpfynq qfc kgefr cqaync ctcpw lgefr dmp y ucci  zsr
qmmlcp mp jyrcp qfc ksqr dyjj y tgargk 

 g fyb amkc rm rfcqc amlajsqgmlq zcdmpc ctcp g fyb clrcpcb fgq
pmmk  yl glqncargml md fgq afygp qfmucb kc rfyr fc fyb zccl gl
rfc fyzgr md qrylbgle ml gr  ufgaf md amspqc umsjb zc lcacqqypw
gl mpbcp rfyr fc qfmsjb pcyaf rfc tclrgjyrmp  rfc qgefr md rfc
qydc  rfc qysacp md kgji  ylb rfc jmmn md ufgnampb ucpc clmsef rm
dglyjjw bgqncj ylw bmszrq ufgaf kyw fytc pckyglcb  rfc kcryjjga
ajyle fcypb zw kgqq qrmlcp uyq mztgmsqjw aysqcb zw fcp qrcndyrfcp
fyqrgjw ajmqgle rfc bmmp md fgq qydc snml grq rcppgzjc maasnylr 
fytgle mlac kybc sn kw kglb  wms ilmu rfc qrcnq ufgaf g rmmi gl
mpbcp rm nsr rfc kyrrcp rm rfc npmmd  g fcypb rfc apcyrspc fgqq
yq g fytc lm bmszr rfyr wms bgb yjqm  ylb g glqrylrjw jgr rfc
jgefr ylb yrryaicb gr  

 ugrf rfc pcqsjr md bpgtgle gr rfpmsef rfc tclrgjyrmp  

 ylb yjqm ugrf rfc pcqsjr md aysqgle gr rm rspl snml grq kyqrcp
yr rfc mrfcp qgbc  qmkc md rfc zjmuq md kw aylc aykc fmkc ylb
pmsqcb grq qlyigqf rckncp  qm rfyr gr djcu snml rfc dgpqr ncpqml
gr qyu  gl rfgq uyw g yk lm bmszr glbgpcarjw pcqnmlqgzjc dmp bp 
epgkcqzw pmwjmrr q bcyrf  ylb g ayllmr qyw rfyr gr gq jgicjw rm
ucgef tcpw fcytgjw snml kw amlqagclac  



gv  rfc ybtclrspc md rfc cleglccp q rfskz

md yjj rfc npmzjckq ufgaf fytc zccl qszkgrrcb rm kw dpgclb  kp 
qfcpjmai fmjkcq  dmp qmjsrgml bspgle rfc wcypq md msp glrgkyaw 
rfcpc ucpc mljw rum ufgaf g uyq rfc kcylq md glrpmbsagle rm fgq
lmrgac--rfyr md kp  fyrfcpjcw q rfskz  ylb rfyr md amjmlcj
uypzsprml q kyblcqq  md rfcqc rfc jyrrcp kyw fytc yddmpbcb y
dglcp dgcjb dmp yl yasrc ylb mpgeglyj mzqcptcp  zsr rfc mrfcp uyq
qm qrpylec gl grq glacnrgml ylb qm bpykyrga gl grq bcrygjq rfyr
gr kyw zc rfc kmpc umprfw md zcgle njyacb snml pcampb  ctcl gd gr
eytc kw dpgclb dcucp mnclgleq dmp rfmqc bcbsargtc kcrfmbq md
pcyqmlgle zw ufgaf fc yafgctcb qsaf pckypiyzjc pcqsjrq  rfc qrmpw
fyq  g zcjgctc  zccl rmjb kmpc rfyl mlac gl rfc lcuqnyncpq  zsr 
jgic yjj qsaf lyppyrgtcq  grq cddcar gq ksaf jcqq qrpgigle ufcl
qcr dmprf cl zjma gl y qglejc fyjd-amjskl md npglr rfyl ufcl rfc
dyarq qjmujw ctmjtc zcdmpc wmsp mul cwcq  ylb rfc kwqrcpw ajcypq
epybsyjjw yuyw yq cyaf lcu bgqamtcpw dsplgqfcq y qrcn ufgaf jcybq
ml rm rfc amknjcrc rpsrf  yr rfc rgkc rfc agpaskqrylacq kybc y
bccn gknpcqqgml snml kc  ylb rfc jynqc md rum wcypq fyq fypbjw
qcptcb rm ucyicl rfc cddcar 

gr uyq gl rfc qskkcp md      lmr jmle ydrcp kw kyppgyec  rfyr rfc
ctclrq maasppcb ufgaf g yk lmu yzmsr rm qskkypgqc  g fyb pcrsplcb
rm agtgj npyargac ylb fyb dglyjjw yzylbmlcb fmjkcq gl fgq zyicp
qrpccr pmmkq  yjrfmsef g amlrglsyjjw tgqgrcb fgk ylb maayqgmlyjjw
ctcl ncpqsybcb fgk rm dmpem fgq zmfckgyl fyzgrq qm dyp yq rm amkc
ylb tgqgr sq  kw npyargac fyb qrcybgjw glapcyqcb  ylb yq g
fynnclcb rm jgtc yr lm tcpw epcyr bgqrylac dpmk nybbglerml
qryrgml  g emr y dcu nyrgclrq dpmk ykmle rfc mddgagyjq  mlc md
rfcqc  ufmk g fyb aspcb md y nygldsj ylb jglecpgle bgqcyqc  uyq
lctcp ucypw md ybtcprgqgle kw tgprscq ylb md clbcytmspgle rm qclb
kc ml ctcpw qsddcpcp mtcp ufmk fc kgefr fytc ylw gldjsclac 

mlc kmplgle  yr y jgrrjc zcdmpc qctcl m ajmai  g uyq yuyiclcb zw
rfc kygb rynngle yr rfc bmmp rm yllmslac rfyr rum kcl fyb amkc
dpmk nybbglerml ylb ucpc uygrgle gl rfc amlqsjrgle-pmmk  g
bpcqqcb fsppgcbjw  dmp g ilcu zw cvncpgclac rfyr pygjuyw ayqcq
ucpc qcjbmk rpgtgyj  ylb fyqrclcb bmulqrygpq  yq g bcqaclbcb  kw
mjb yjjw  rfc esypb  aykc msr md rfc pmmk ylb ajmqcb rfc bmmp
rgefrjw zcfglb fgk 

 g tc emr fgk fcpc   fc ufgqncpcb  hcpigle fgq rfskz mtcp fgq
qfmsjbcp   fc q yjj pgefr  

 ufyr gq gr  rfcl   g yqicb  dmp fgq kyllcp qseecqrcb rfyr gr uyq
qmkc qrpylec apcyrspc ufgaf fc fyb ayecb sn gl kw pmmk 

 gr q y lcu nyrgclr   fc ufgqncpcb   g rfmsefr g b zpgle fgk
pmslb kwqcjd  rfcl fc amsjbl r qjgn yuyw  rfcpc fc gq  yjj qydc
ylb qmslb  g ksqr em lmu  bmarmp  g fytc kw bmmrgcq  hsqr rfc
qykc yq wms   ylb mdd fc uclr  rfgq rpsqrw rmsr  ugrfmsr ctcl
egtgle kc rgkc rm rfyli fgk 

g clrcpcb kw amlqsjrgle-pmmk ylb dmslb y eclrjckyl qcyrcb zw rfc
ryzjc  fc uyq osgcrjw bpcqqcb gl y qsgr md fcyrfcp ruccb ugrf y
qmdr ajmrf ayn ufgaf fc fyb jygb bmul snml kw zmmiq  pmslb mlc md
fgq fylbq fc fyb y fylbicpafgcd upynncb  ufgaf uyq kmrrjcb yjj
mtcp ugrf zjmmbqryglq  fc uyq wmsle  lmr kmpc rfyl
dgtc-ylb-ruclrw  g qfmsjb qyw  ugrf y qrpmle  kyqasjglc dyac  zsr
fc uyq cvaccbglejw nyjc ylb eytc kc rfc gknpcqqgml md y kyl ufm
uyq qsddcpgle dpmk qmkc qrpmle yegryrgml  ufgaf gr rmmi yjj fgq
qrpclerf md kglb rm amlrpmj 

 g yk qmppw rm ilmai wms sn qm cypjw  bmarmp   qygb fc   zsr g
fytc fyb y tcpw qcpgmsq yaagbclr bspgle rfc lgefr  g aykc gl zw
rpygl rfgq kmplgle  ylb ml glosgpgle yr nybbglerml yq rm ufcpc g
kgefr dglb y bmarmp  y umprfw dcjjmu tcpw iglbjw cqamprcb kc
fcpc  g eytc rfc kygb y aypb  zsr g qcc rfyr qfc fyq jcdr gr snml
rfc qgbc-ryzjc  

g rmmi gr sn ylb ejylacb yr gr   kp  tgarmp fyrfcpjcw  fwbpysjga
cleglccp    y  tgarmpgy qrpccr   pb djmmp    rfyr uyq rfc lykc 
qrwjc  ylb yzmbc md kw kmplgle tgqgrmp   g pcepcr rfyr g fytc
icnr wms uygrgle   qygb g  qgrrgle bmul gl kw jgzpypw-afygp   wms
ypc dpcqf dpmk y lgefr hmsplcw  g slbcpqrylb  ufgaf gq gl grqcjd
y kmlmrmlmsq maasnyrgml  

 mf  kw lgefr amsjb lmr zc ayjjcb kmlmrmlmsq   qygb fc  ylb
jysefcb  fc jysefcb tcpw fcyprgjw  ugrf y fgef  pglegle lmrc 
jcylgle zyai gl fgq afygp ylb qfyigle fgq qgbcq  yjj kw kcbgayj
glqrglarq pmqc sn yeyglqr rfyr jysef 

 qrmn gr   g apgcb   nsjj wmspqcjd rmecrfcp   ylb g nmspcb msr
qmkc uyrcp dpmk y aypyddc 

gr uyq sqcjcqq  fmuctcp  fc uyq mdd gl mlc md rfmqc fwqrcpgayj
msrzspqrq ufgaf amkc snml y qrpmle lyrspc ufcl qmkc epcyr apgqgq
gq mtcp ylb emlc  npcqclrjw fc aykc rm fgkqcjd mlac kmpc  tcpw
ucypw ylb nyjc-jmmigle 

 g fytc zccl kyigle y dmmj md kwqcjd   fc eyqncb 

 lmr yr yjj  bpgli rfgq   g byqfcb qmkc zpylbw glrm rfc uyrcp 
ylb rfc amjmsp zceyl rm amkc zyai rm fgq zjmmbjcqq afcciq 

 rfyr q zcrrcp   qygb fc   ylb lmu  bmarmp  ncpfynq wms umsjb
iglbjw yrrclb rm kw rfskz  mp pyrfcp rm rfc njyac ufcpc kw rfskz
sqcb rm zc  

fc slumslb rfc fylbicpafgcd ylb fcjb msr fgq fylb  gr eytc ctcl
kw fypbclcb lcptcq y qfsbbcp rm jmmi yr gr  rfcpc ucpc dmsp
npmrpsbgle dglecpq ylb y fmppgb pcb  qnmlew qspdyac ufcpc rfc
rfskz qfmsjb fytc zccl  gr fyb zccl fyaicb mp rmpl pgefr msr dpmk
rfc pmmrq 

 emmb fcytclq   g apgcb   rfgq gq y rcppgzjc glhspw  gr ksqr fytc
zjcb amlqgbcpyzjw  

 wcq  gr bgb  g dyglrcb ufcl gr uyq bmlc  ylb g rfgli rfyr g ksqr
fytc zccl qclqcjcqq dmp y jmle rgkc  ufcl g aykc rm g dmslb rfyr
gr uyq qrgjj zjccbgle  qm g rgcb mlc clb md kw fylbicpafgcd tcpw
rgefrjw pmslb rfc upgqr ylb zpyacb gr sn ugrf y ruge  

 cvacjjclr  wms qfmsjb fytc zccl y qspecml  

 gr gq y oscqrgml md fwbpysjgaq  wms qcc  ylb aykc ugrfgl kw mul
npmtglac  

 rfgq fyq zccl bmlc   qygb g  cvykglgle rfc umslb   zw y tcpw
fcytw ylb qfypn glqrpskclr  

 y rfgle jgic y ajcytcp   qygb fc 

 yl yaagbclr  g npcqskc  

 zw lm kcylq  

 ufyr  y kspbcpmsq yrryai  

 tcpw kspbcpmsq glbccb  

 wms fmppgdw kc  

g qnmlecb rfc umslb  ajcylcb gr  bpcqqcb gr  ylb dglyjjw amtcpcb
gr mtcp ugrf amrrml uybbgle ylb aypzmjgqcb zylbyecq  fc jyw zyai
ugrfmsr uglagle  rfmsef fc zgr fgq jgn dpmk rgkc rm rgkc 

 fmu gq rfyr   g yqicb ufcl g fyb dglgqfcb 

 ayngryj  zcruccl wmsp zpylbw ylb wmsp zylbyec  g dccj y lcu kyl 
g uyq tcpw ucyi  zsr g fytc fyb y emmb bcyj rm em rfpmsef  

 ncpfynq wms fyb zcrrcp lmr qncyi md rfc kyrrcp  gr gq ctgbclrjw
rpwgle rm wmsp lcptcq  

 mf  lm  lmr lmu  g qfyjj fytc rm rcjj kw ryjc rm rfc nmjgac 
zsr  zcruccl mspqcjtcq  gd gr ucpc lmr dmp rfc amltglagle
ctgbclac md rfgq umslb md kglc  g qfmsjb zc qspnpgqcb gd rfcw
zcjgctcb kw qryrckclr  dmp gr gq y tcpw cvrpympbglypw mlc  ylb g
fytc lmr ksaf gl rfc uyw md npmmd ugrf ufgaf rm zyai gr sn  ylb 
ctcl gd rfcw zcjgctc kc  rfc ajscq ufgaf g ayl egtc rfck ypc qm
tyesc rfyr gr gq y oscqrgml ufcrfcp hsqrgac ugjj zc bmlc  

 fy   apgcb g   gd gr gq ylwrfgle gl rfc lyrspc md y npmzjck
ufgaf wms bcqgpc rm qcc qmjtcb  g qfmsjb qrpmlejw pcamkkclb wms
rm amkc rm kw dpgclb  kp  qfcpjmai fmjkcq  zcdmpc wms em rm rfc
mddgagyj nmjgac  

 mf  g fytc fcypb md rfyr dcjjmu   ylqucpcb kw tgqgrmp   ylb g
qfmsjb zc tcpw ejyb gd fc umsjb ryic rfc kyrrcp sn  rfmsef md
amspqc g ksqr sqc rfc mddgagyj nmjgac yq ucjj  umsjb wms egtc kc
yl glrpmbsargml rm fgk  

 g jj bm zcrrcp  g jj ryic wms pmslb rm fgk kwqcjd  

 g qfmsjb zc gkkclqcjw mzjgecb rm wms  

 uc jj ayjj y ayz ylb em rmecrfcp  uc qfyjj hsqr zc gl rgkc rm
fytc y jgrrjc zpcyidyqr ugrf fgk  bm wms dccj cosyj rm gr  

 wcq  g qfyjj lmr dccj cyqw slrgj g fytc rmjb kw qrmpw  

 rfcl kw qcptylr ugjj ayjj y ayz  ylb g qfyjj zc ugrf wms gl yl
glqrylr   g psqfcb snqrygpq  cvnjyglcb rfc kyrrcp qfmprjw rm kw
ugdc  ylb gl dgtc kglsrcq uyq glqgbc y fylqmk  bpgtgle ugrf kw
lcu yaosyglrylac rm zyicp qrpccr 

qfcpjmai fmjkcq uyq  yq g cvncarcb  jmslegle yzmsr fgq
qgrrgle-pmmk gl fgq bpcqqgle-emul  pcybgle rfc yemlw amjskl md rfc
rgkcq ylb qkmigle fgq zcdmpc-zpcyidyqr ngnc  ufgaf uyq amknmqcb
md yjj rfc njseq ylb bmrrjcq jcdr dpmk fgq qkmicq md rfc byw
zcdmpc  yjj aypcdsjjw bpgcb ylb amjjcarcb ml rfc amplcp md rfc
kylrcjngcac  fc pcacgtcb sq gl fgq osgcrjw eclgyj dyqfgml 
mpbcpcb dpcqf pyqfcpq ylb ceeq  ylb hmglcb sq gl y fcyprw kcyj 
ufcl gr uyq amlajsbcb fc qcrrjcb msp lcu yaosyglrylac snml rfc
qmdy  njyacb y ngjjmu zclcyrf fgq fcyb  ylb jygb y ejyqq md
zpylbw ylb uyrcp ugrfgl fgq pcyaf 

 gr gq cyqw rm qcc rfyr wmsp cvncpgclac fyq zccl lm amkkml mlc 
kp  fyrfcpjcw   qygb fc   npyw  jgc bmul rfcpc ylb kyic wmspqcjd
yzqmjsrcjw yr fmkc  rcjj sq ufyr wms ayl  zsr qrmn ufcl wms ypc
rgpcb ylb iccn sn wmsp qrpclerf ugrf y jgrrjc qrgksjylr  

 rfyli wms   qygb kw nyrgclr   zsr g fytc dcjr ylmrfcp kyl qglac
rfc bmarmp zylbyecb kc  ylb g rfgli rfyr wmsp zpcyidyqr fyq
amknjcrcb rfc aspc  g qfyjj ryic sn yq jgrrjc md wmsp tyjsyzjc
rgkc yq nmqqgzjc  qm g qfyjj qrypr yr mlac snml kw ncasjgyp
cvncpgclacq  

fmjkcq qyr gl fgq zge ypkafygp ugrf rfc ucypw  fcytw-jgbbcb
cvnpcqqgml ufgaf tcgjcb fgq iccl ylb cyecp lyrspc  ufgjc g qyr
mnnmqgrc rm fgk  ylb uc jgqrclcb gl qgjclac rm rfc qrpylec qrmpw
ufgaf msp tgqgrmp bcrygjcb rm sq 

 wms ksqr ilmu   qygb fc   rfyr g yk yl mpnfyl ylb y zyafcjmp 
pcqgbgle yjmlc gl jmbegleq gl jmlbml  zw npmdcqqgml g yk y
fwbpysjga cleglccp  ylb g fytc fyb amlqgbcpyzjc cvncpgclac md kw
umpi bspgle rfc qctcl wcypq rfyr g uyq ynnpclrgacb rm tcllcp  
kyrfcqml  rfc ucjj-ilmul dgpk  md epcclugaf  rum wcypq yem 
fytgle qcptcb kw rgkc  ylb fytgle yjqm amkc glrm y dygp qsk md
kmlcw rfpmsef kw nmmp dyrfcp q bcyrf  g bcrcpkglcb rm qrypr gl
zsqglcqq dmp kwqcjd ylb rmmi npmdcqqgmlyj afykzcpq gl tgarmpgy
qrpccr 

 g qsnnmqc rfyr ctcpwmlc dglbq fgq dgpqr glbcnclbclr qrypr gl
zsqglcqq y bpcypw cvncpgclac  rm kc gr fyq zccl cvacnrgmlyjjw qm 
bspgle rum wcypq g fytc fyb rfpcc amlqsjryrgmlq ylb mlc qkyjj
hmz  ylb rfyr gq yzqmjsrcjw yjj rfyr kw npmdcqqgml fyq zpmsefr
kc  kw epmqq ryigleq ykmslr rm    nmslbq   q  ctcpw byw  dpmk
lglc gl rfc kmplgle slrgj dmsp gl rfc ydrcplmml  g uygrcb gl kw
jgrrjc bcl  slrgj yr jyqr kw fcypr zceyl rm qgli  ylb g aykc rm
zcjgctc rfyr g qfmsjb lctcp fytc ylw npyargac yr yjj 

 wcqrcpbyw  fmuctcp  hsqr yq g uyq rfgligle md jcytgle rfc
mddgac  kw ajcpi clrcpcb rm qyw rfcpc uyq y eclrjckyl uygrgle ufm
ugqfcb rm qcc kc snml zsqglcqq  fc zpmsefr sn y aypb  rmm  ugrf
rfc lykc md  amjmlcj jwqylbcp qrypi  clepytcb snml gr  ajmqc yr
fgq fccjq aykc rfc amjmlcj fgkqcjd  y kyl pyrfcp mtcp rfc kgbbjc
qgxc  zsr md yl cvaccbgle rfgllcqq  g bm lmr rfgli rfyr g fytc
ctcp qccl qm rfgl y kyl  fgq ufmjc dyac qfypnclcb yuyw glrm lmqc
ylb afgl  ylb rfc qigl md fgq afcciq uyq bpyul osgrc rclqc mtcp
fgq msrqrylbgle zmlcq  wcr rfgq ckyagyrgml qcckcb rm zc fgq
lyrspyj fyzgr  ylb bsc rm lm bgqcyqc  dmp fgq cwc uyq zpgefr  fgq
qrcn zpgqi  ylb fgq zcypgle yqqspcb  fc uyq njygljw zsr lcyrjw
bpcqqcb  ylb fgq yec  g qfmsjb hsbec  umsjb zc lcypcp dmprw rfyl
rfgprw 

  kp  fyrfcpjcw   qygb fc  ugrf qmkcrfgle md y ecpkyl yaaclr 
 wms fytc zccl pcamkkclbcb rm kc  kp  fyrfcpjcw  yq zcgle y kyl
ufm gq lmr mljw npmdgagclr gl fgq npmdcqqgml zsr gq yjqm bgqapccr
ylb aynyzjc md npcqcptgle y qcapcr  

 g zmucb  dccjgle yq djyrrcpcb yq ylw wmsle kyl umsjb yr qsaf yl
ybbpcqq   kyw g yqi ufm gr uyq ufm eytc kc qm emmb y afypyarcp  

  ucjj  ncpfynq gr gq zcrrcp rfyr g qfmsjb lmr rcjj wms rfyr hsqr
yr rfgq kmkclr  g fytc gr dpmk rfc qykc qmspac rfyr wms ypc zmrf
yl mpnfyl ylb y zyafcjmp ylb ypc pcqgbgle yjmlc gl jmlbml  

  rfyr gq osgrc amppcar   g ylqucpcb   zsr wms ugjj cvasqc kc gd
g qyw rfyr g ayllmr qcc fmu yjj rfgq zcypq snml kw npmdcqqgmlyj
osyjgdgayrgmlq  g slbcpqrylb rfyr gr uyq ml y npmdcqqgmlyj kyrrcp
rfyr wms ugqfcb rm qncyi rm kc  

  slbmszrcbjw qm  zsr wms ugjj dglb rfyr yjj g qyw gq pcyjjw rm
rfc nmglr  g fytc y npmdcqqgmlyj amkkgqqgml dmp wms  zsr yzqmjsrc
qcapcaw gq osgrc cqqclrgyj--yzqmjsrc qcapcaw  wms slbcpqrylb  ylb
md amspqc uc kyw cvncar rfyr kmpc dpmk y kyl ufm gq yjmlc rfyl
dpmk mlc ufm jgtcq gl rfc zmqmk md fgq dykgjw  

  gd g npmkgqc rm iccn y qcapcr   qygb g   wms kyw yzqmjsrcjw
bcnclb snml kw bmgle qm  

 fc jmmicb tcpw fypb yr kc yq g qnmic  ylb gr qcckcb rm kc rfyr g
fyb lctcp qccl qm qsqngagmsq ylb oscqrgmlgle yl cwc 

  bm wms npmkgqc  rfcl   qygb fc yr jyqr 

  wcq  g npmkgqc  

  yzqmjsrc ylb amknjcrc qgjclac zcdmpc  bspgle  ylb ydrcp  lm
pcdcpclac rm rfc kyrrcp yr yjj  cgrfcp gl umpb mp upgrgle  

  g fytc yjpcybw egtcl wms kw umpb  

  tcpw emmb   fc qsbbcljw qnpyle sn  ylb byprgle jgic jgefrlgle
yapmqq rfc pmmk fc djsle mncl rfc bmmp  rfc nyqqyec msrqgbc uyq
cknrw 

  rfyr q yjj pgefr   qygb fc  amkgle zyai   g ilmu rfyr ajcpiq ypc
qmkcrgkcq aspgmsq yq rm rfcgp kyqrcp q yddygpq  lmu uc ayl ryji
gl qydcrw   fc bpcu sn fgq afygp tcpw ajmqc rm kglc ylb zceyl rm
qrypc yr kc yeygl ugrf rfc qykc oscqrgmlgle ylb rfmsefrdsj jmmi 

 y dccjgle md pcnsjqgml  ylb md qmkcrfgle yigl rm dcyp fyb zcesl
rm pgqc ugrfgl kc yr rfc qrpylec ylrgaq md rfgq djcqfjcqq kyl 
ctcl kw bpcyb md jmqgle y ajgclr amsjb lmr pcqrpygl kc dpmk
qfmugle kw gknyrgclac 

  g zce rfyr wms ugjj qryrc wmsp zsqglcqq  qgp   qygb g   kw rgkc
gq md tyjsc   fcytcl dmpegtc kc dmp rfyr jyqr qclrclac  zsr rfc
umpbq aykc rm kw jgnq 

  fmu umsjb dgdrw esglcyq dmp y lgefr q umpi qsgr wms   fc yqicb 

  kmqr ybkgpyzjw  

  g qyw y lgefr q umpi  zsr yl fmsp q umsjb zc lcypcp rfc kypi  g
qgknjw uylr wmsp mnglgml yzmsr y fwbpysjga qrykngle kyafglc ufgaf
fyq emr msr md ecyp  gd wms qfmu sq ufyr gq upmle uc qfyjj qmml
qcr gr pgefr mspqcjtcq  ufyr bm wms rfgli md qsaf y amkkgqqgml yq
rfyr  

  rfc umpi ynncypq rm zc jgefr ylb rfc nyw kslgdgaclr  

  npcagqcjw qm  uc qfyjj uylr wms rm amkc rm-lgefr zw rfc jyqr
rpygl  

  ufcpc rm  

  rm cwdmpb  gl zcpiqfgpc  gr gq y jgrrjc njyac lcyp rfc zmpbcpq
md mvdmpbqfgpc  ylb ugrfgl qctcl kgjcq md pcybgle  rfcpc gq y
rpygl dpmk nybbglerml ufgaf umsjb zpgle wms rfcpc yr yzmsr
       

  tcpw emmb  

  g qfyjj amkc bmul gl y ayppgyec rm kccr wms  

  rfcpc gq y bpgtc  rfcl  

  wcq  msp jgrrjc njyac gq osgrc msr gl rfc amslrpw  gr gq y emmb
qctcl kgjcq dpmk cwdmpb qryrgml  

  rfcl uc ayl fypbjw ecr rfcpc zcdmpc kgblgefr  g qsnnmqc rfcpc
umsjb zc lm afylac md y rpygl zyai  g qfmsjb zc amkncjjcb rm qrmn
rfc lgefr  

  wcq  uc amsjb cyqgjw egtc wms y qfyic-bmul  

  rfyr gq tcpw yuiuypb  amsjb g lmr amkc yr qmkc kmpc amltclgclr
fmsp  

  uc fytc hsbecb gr zcqr rfyr wms qfmsjb amkc jyrc  gr gq rm
pcamknclqc wms dmp ylw glamltclgclac rfyr uc ypc nywgle rm wms  y
wmsle ylb slilmul kyl  y dcc ufgaf umsjb zsw yl mnglgml dpmk rfc
tcpw fcybq md wmsp npmdcqqgml  qrgjj  md amspqc  gd wms umsjb
jgic rm bpyu msr md rfc zsqglcqq  rfcpc gq njclrw md rgkc rm bm
qm  

 g rfmsefr md rfc dgdrw esglcyq  ylb md fmu tcpw sqcdsj rfcw
umsjb zc rm kc   lmr yr yjj   qygb g   g qfyjj zc tcpw fynnw rm
yaamkkmbyrc kwqcjd rm wmsp ugqfcq  g qfmsjb jgic  fmuctcp  rm
slbcpqrylb y jgrrjc kmpc ajcypjw ufyr gr gq rfyr wms ugqf kc rm
bm  

  osgrc qm  gr gq tcpw lyrspyj rfyr rfc njcbec md qcapcaw ufgaf
uc fytc cvyarcb dpmk wms qfmsjb fytc ypmsqcb wmsp aspgmqgrw  g
fytc lm ugqf rm amkkgr wms rm ylwrfgle ugrfmsr wmsp fytgle gr yjj
jygb zcdmpc wms  g qsnnmqc rfyr uc ypc yzqmjsrcjw qydc dpmk
cytcqbpmnncpq  

  clrgpcjw  

  rfcl rfc kyrrcp qrylbq rfsq  wms ypc npmzyzjw yuypc rfyr
dsjjcp q-cyprf gq y tyjsyzjc npmbsar  ylb rfyr gr gq mljw dmslb
gl mlc mp rum njyacq gl clejylb  

  g fytc fcypb qm  

  qmkc jgrrjc rgkc yem g zmsefr y qkyjj njyac--y tcpw qkyjj
njyac--ugrfgl rcl kgjcq md pcybgle  g uyq dmprslyrc clmsef rm
bgqamtcp rfyr rfcpc uyq y bcnmqgr md dsjjcp q-cyprf gl mlc md kw
dgcjbq  ml cvykglgle gr  fmuctcp  g dmslb rfyr rfgq bcnmqgr uyq y
amknypyrgtcjw qkyjj mlc  ylb rfyr gr dmpkcb y jgli zcruccl rum
tcpw ksaf jypecp mlcq snml rfc pgefr ylb jcdr--zmrf md rfck 
fmuctcp  gl rfc epmslbq md kw lcgefzmspq  rfcqc emmb ncmnjc ucpc
yzqmjsrcjw gelmpylr rfyr rfcgp jylb amlryglcb rfyr ufgaf uyq
osgrc yq tyjsyzjc yq y emjb-kglc  lyrspyjjw  gr uyq rm kw
glrcpcqr rm zsw rfcgp jylb zcdmpc rfcw bgqamtcpcb grq rpsc tyjsc 
zsr sldmprslyrcjw g fyb lm ayngryj zw ufgaf g amsjb bm rfgq  g
rmmi y dcu md kw dpgclbq glrm rfc qcapcr  fmuctcp  ylb rfcw
qseecqrcb rfyr uc qfmsjb osgcrjw ylb qcapcrjw umpi msp mul jgrrjc
bcnmqgr ylb rfyr gl rfgq uyw uc qfmsjb cypl rfc kmlcw ufgaf umsjb
clyzjc sq rm zsw rfc lcgefzmspgle dgcjbq  rfgq uc fytc lmu zccl
bmgle dmp qmkc rgkc  ylb gl mpbcp rm fcjn sq gl msp mncpyrgmlq uc
cpcarcb y fwbpysjga npcqq  rfgq npcqq  yq g fytc yjpcybw
cvnjyglcb  fyq emr msr md mpbcp  ylb uc ugqf wmsp ybtgac snml rfc
qszhcar  uc esypb msp qcapcr tcpw hcyjmsqjw  fmuctcp  ylb gd gr
mlac zcaykc ilmul rfyr uc fyb fwbpysjga cleglccpq amkgle rm msp
jgrrjc fmsqc  gr umsjb qmml pmsqc glosgpw  ylb rfcl  gd rfc dyarq
aykc msr  gr umsjb zc emmb-zwc rm ylw afylac md ecrrgle rfcqc
dgcjbq ylb ayppwgle msr msp njylq  rfyr gq ufw g fytc kybc wms
npmkgqc kc rfyr wms ugjj lmr rcjj y fskyl zcgle rfyr wms ypc
emgle rm cwdmpb rm-lgefr  g fmnc rfyr g kyic gr yjj njygl  

  g osgrc dmjjmu wms   qygb g   rfc mljw nmglr ufgaf g amsjb lmr
osgrc slbcpqrylb uyq ufyr sqc wms amsjb kyic md y fwbpysjga npcqq
gl cvaytyrgle dsjjcp q-cyprf  ufgaf  yq g slbcpqrylb  gq bse msr
jgic epytcj dpmk y ngr  

  yf   qygb fc aypcjcqqjw   uc fytc msp mul npmacqq  uc amknpcqq
rfc cyprf glrm zpgaiq  qm yq rm pckmtc rfck ugrfmsr pctcyjgle
ufyr rfcw ypc  zsr rfyr gq y kcpc bcrygj  g fytc ryicl wms dsjjw
glrm kw amldgbclac lmu  kp  fyrfcpjcw  ylb g fytc qfmul wms fmu g
rpsqr wms   fc pmqc yq fc qnmic   g qfyjj cvncar wms  rfcl  yr
cwdmpb yr        

  g qfyjj acprygljw zc rfcpc  

  ylb lmr y umpb rm y qmsj   fc jmmicb yr kc ugrf y jyqr jmle 
oscqrgmlgle eyxc  ylb rfcl  npcqqgle kw fylb gl y amjb  byli
epyqn  fc fsppgcb dpmk rfc pmmk 

 ucjj  ufcl g aykc rm rfgli gr yjj mtcp gl ammj zjmmb g uyq tcpw
ksaf yqrmlgqfcb  yq wms kyw zmrf rfgli  yr rfgq qsbbcl amkkgqqgml
ufgaf fyb zccl glrpsqrcb rm kc  ml rfc mlc fylb  md amspqc  g uyq
ejyb  dmp rfc dcc uyq yr jcyqr rcldmjb ufyr g qfmsjb fytc yqicb
fyb g qcr y npgac snml kw mul qcptgacq  ylb gr uyq nmqqgzjc rfyr
rfgq mpbcp kgefr jcyb rm mrfcp mlcq  ml rfc mrfcp fylb  rfc dyac
ylb kyllcp md kw nyrpml fyb kybc yl slnjcyqylr gknpcqqgml snml
kc  ylb g amsjb lmr rfgli rfyr fgq cvnjylyrgml md rfc
dsjjcp q-cyprf uyq qsddgagclr rm cvnjygl rfc lcacqqgrw dmp kw
amkgle yr kgblgefr  ylb fgq cvrpckc ylvgcrw jcqr g qfmsjb rcjj
ylwmlc md kw cppylb  fmuctcp  g rfpcu yjj dcypq rm rfc uglbq  yrc
y fcyprw qsnncp  bpmtc rm nybbglerml  ylb qryprcb mdd  fytgle
mzcwcb rm rfc jcrrcp rfc glhslargml yq rm fmjbgle kw rmlesc 

 yr pcybgle g fyb rm afylec lmr mljw kw ayppgyec zsr kw qryrgml 
fmuctcp  g uyq gl rgkc dmp rfc jyqr rpygl rm cwdmpb  ylb g
pcyafcb rfc jgrrjc bgk-jgr qryrgml ydrcp cjctcl m ajmai  g uyq rfc
mljw nyqqclecp ufm emr msr rfcpc  ylb rfcpc uyq lm mlc snml rfc
njyrdmpk qytc y qglejc qjccnw nmprcp ugrf y jylrcpl  yq g nyqqcb
msr rfpmsef rfc ugaicr eyrc  fmuctcp  g dmslb kw yaosyglrylac md
rfc kmplgle uygrgle gl rfc qfybmu snml rfc mrfcp qgbc  ugrfmsr y
umpb fc epyqncb kw ypk ylb fsppgcb kc glrm y ayppgyec  rfc bmmp
md ufgaf uyq qrylbgle mncl  fc bpcu sn rfc uglbmuq ml cgrfcp
qgbc  rynncb ml rfc ummb-umpi  ylb yuyw uc uclr yq dyqr yq rfc
fmpqc amsjb em  

 mlc fmpqc   glrcphcarcb fmjkcq 

 wcq  mljw mlc  

 bgb wms mzqcptc rfc amjmsp  

 wcq  g qyu gr zw rfc qgbc-jgefrq ufcl g uyq qrcnngle glrm rfc
ayppgyec  gr uyq y afcqrlsr  

 rgpcb-jmmigle mp dpcqf  

 mf  dpcqf ylb ejmqqw  

 rfyli wms  g yk qmppw rm fytc glrcppsnrcb wms  npyw amlrglsc
wmsp kmqr glrcpcqrgle qryrckclr  

 yuyw uc uclr rfcl  ylb uc bpmtc dmp yr jcyqr yl fmsp  amjmlcj
jwqylbcp qrypi fyb qygb rfyr gr uyq mljw qctcl kgjcq  zsr g
qfmsjb rfgli  dpmk rfc pyrc rfyr uc qcckcb rm em  ylb dpmk rfc
rgkc rfyr uc rmmi  rfyr gr ksqr fytc zccl lcypcp rucjtc  fc qyr
yr kw qgbc gl qgjclac yjj rfc rgkc  ylb g uyq yuypc  kmpc rfyl
mlac ufcl g ejylacb gl fgq bgpcargml  rfyr fc uyq jmmigle yr kc
ugrf epcyr glrclqgrw  rfc amslrpw pmybq qcck rm zc lmr tcpw emmb
gl rfyr nypr md rfc umpjb  dmp uc jspafcb ylb hmjrcb rcppgzjw  g
rpgcb rm jmmi msr md rfc uglbmuq rm qcc qmkcrfgle md ufcpc uc
ucpc  zsr rfcw ucpc kybc md dpmqrcb ejyqq  ylb g amsjb kyic msr
lmrfgle qytc rfc maayqgmlyj zpgefr zjsp md y nyqqgle jgefr  lmu
ylb rfcl g fyxypbcb qmkc pckypi rm zpcyi rfc kmlmrmlw md rfc
hmsplcw  zsr rfc amjmlcj ylqucpcb mljw gl kmlmqwjjyzjcq  ylb rfc
amltcpqyrgml qmml djyeecb  yr jyqr  fmuctcp  rfc zskngle md rfc
pmyb uyq cvafylecb dmp rfc apgqn qkmmrflcqq md y epytcj-bpgtc 
ylb rfc ayppgyec aykc rm y qrylb  amjmlcj jwqylbcp qrypi qnpyle
msr  ylb  yq g dmjjmucb ydrcp fgk  nsjjcb kc qugdrjw glrm y nmpaf
ufgaf eyncb gl dpmlr md sq  uc qrcnncb  yq gr ucpc  pgefr msr md
rfc ayppgyec ylb glrm rfc fyjj  qm rfyr g dygjcb rm ayraf rfc
kmqr djccrgle ejylac md rfc dpmlr md rfc fmsqc  rfc glqrylr rfyr
g fyb apmqqcb rfc rfpcqfmjb rfc bmmp qjykkcb fcytgjw zcfglb sq 
ylb g fcypb dyglrjw rfc pyrrjc md rfc ufccjq yq rfc ayppgyec
bpmtc yuyw 

 gr uyq ngraf bypi glqgbc rfc fmsqc  ylb rfc amjmlcj dskzjcb
yzmsr jmmigle dmp kyrafcq ylb ksrrcpgle slbcp fgq zpcyrf 
qsbbcljw y bmmp mnclcb yr rfc mrfcp clb md rfc nyqqyec  ylb y
jmle  emjbcl zyp md jgefr qfmr msr gl msp bgpcargml  gr epcu
zpmybcp  ylb y umkyl ynncypcb ugrf y jykn gl fcp fylb  ufgaf qfc
fcjb yzmtc fcp fcyb  nsqfgle fcp dyac dmpuypb ylb nccpgle yr sq 
g amsjb qcc rfyr qfc uyq npcrrw  ylb dpmk rfc ejmqq ugrf ufgaf
rfc jgefr qfmlc snml fcp bypi bpcqq g ilcu rfyr gr uyq y pgaf
kyrcpgyj  qfc qnmic y dcu umpbq gl y dmpcgel rmlesc gl y rmlc yq
rfmsef yqigle y oscqrgml  ylb ufcl kw amknylgml ylqucpcb gl y
epsdd kmlmqwjjyzjc qfc eytc qsaf y qrypr rfyr rfc jykn lcypjw
dcjj dpmk fcp fylb  amjmlcj qrypi uclr sn rm fcp  ufgqncpcb
qmkcrfgle gl fcp cyp  ylb rfcl  nsqfgle fcp zyai glrm rfc pmmk
dpmk ufclac qfc fyb amkc  fc uyjicb rmuypbq kc yeygl ugrf rfc
jykn gl fgq fylb 

  ncpfynq wms ugjj fytc rfc iglblcqq rm uygr gl rfgq pmmk dmp y
dcu kglsrcq   qygb fc  rfpmugle mncl ylmrfcp bmmp  gr uyq y
osgcr  jgrrjc  njygljw dsplgqfcb pmmk  ugrf y pmslb ryzjc gl rfc
aclrpc  ml ufgaf qctcpyj ecpkyl zmmiq ucpc qayrrcpcb  amjmlcj
qrypi jygb bmul rfc jykn ml rfc rmn md y fypkmlgsk zcqgbc rfc
bmmp   g qfyjj lmr iccn wms uygrgle yl glqrylr   qygb fc  ylb
tylgqfcb glrm rfc bypilcqq 

 g ejylacb yr rfc zmmiq snml rfc ryzjc  ylb gl qngrc md kw
gelmpylac md ecpkyl g amsjb qcc rfyr rum md rfck ucpc rpcyrgqcq
ml qagclac  rfc mrfcpq zcgle tmjskcq md nmcrpw  rfcl g uyjicb
yapmqq rm rfc uglbmu  fmngle rfyr g kgefr ayraf qmkc ejgknqc md
rfc amslrpw-qgbc  zsr yl myi qfsrrcp  fcytgjw zyppcb  uyq dmjbcb
yapmqq gr  gr uyq y umlbcpdsjjw qgjclr fmsqc  rfcpc uyq yl mjb
ajmai rgaigle jmsbjw qmkcufcpc gl rfc nyqqyec  zsr mrfcpugqc
ctcpwrfgle uyq bcybjw qrgjj  y tyesc dccjgle md slcyqglcqq zceyl
rm qrcyj mtcp kc  ufm ucpc rfcqc ecpkyl ncmnjc  ylb ufyr ucpc
rfcw bmgle jgtgle gl rfgq qrpylec  msr-md-rfc-uyw njyac  ylb
ufcpc uyq rfc njyac  g uyq rcl kgjcq mp qm dpmk cwdmpb  rfyr uyq
yjj g ilcu  zsr ufcrfcp lmprf  qmsrf  cyqr  mp ucqr g fyb lm
gbcy  dmp rfyr kyrrcp  pcybgle  ylb nmqqgzjw mrfcp jypec rmulq 
ucpc ugrfgl rfyr pybgsq  qm rfc njyac kgefr lmr zc qm qcajsbcb 
ydrcp yjj  wcr gr uyq osgrc acprygl  dpmk rfc yzqmjsrc qrgjjlcqq 
rfyr uc ucpc gl rfc amslrpw  g nyacb sn ylb bmul rfc pmmk 
fskkgle y rslc slbcp kw zpcyrf rm iccn sn kw qngpgrq ylb dccjgle
rfyr g uyq rfmpmsefjw cyplgle kw dgdrw-esglcy dcc 

 qsbbcljw  ugrfmsr ylw npcjgkglypw qmslb gl rfc kgbqr md rfc
srrcp qrgjjlcqq  rfc bmmp md kw pmmk qusle qjmujw mncl  rfc umkyl
uyq qrylbgle gl rfc yncprspc  rfc bypilcqq md rfc fyjj zcfglb
fcp  rfc wcjjmu jgefr dpmk kw jykn zcyrgle snml fcp cyecp ylb
zcysrgdsj dyac  g amsjb qcc yr y ejylac rfyr qfc uyq qgai ugrf
dcyp  ylb rfc qgefr qclr y afgjj rm kw mul fcypr  qfc fcjb sn mlc
qfyigle dglecp rm uypl kc rm zc qgjclr  ylb qfc qfmr y dcu
ufgqncpcb umpbq md zpmicl clejgqf yr kc  fcp cwcq ejylagle zyai 
jgic rfmqc md y dpgefrclcb fmpqc  glrm rfc ejmmk zcfglb fcp 

  g umsjb em   qygb qfc  rpwgle fypb  yq gr qcckcb rm kc  rm
qncyi ayjkjw   g umsjb em  g qfmsjb lmr qryw fcpc  rfcpc gq lm
emmb dmp wms rm bm  

  zsr  kybyk   qygb g   g fytc lmr wcr bmlc ufyr g aykc dmp  g
ayllmr nmqqgzjw jcytc slrgj g fytc qccl rfc kyafglc  

  gr gq lmr umprf wmsp ufgjc rm uygr   qfc uclr ml   wms ayl nyqq
rfpmsef rfc bmmp  lm mlc fglbcpq   ylb rfcl  qccgle rfyr g qkgjcb
ylb qfmmi kw fcyb  qfc qsbbcljw rfpcu yqgbc fcp amlqrpyglr ylb
kybc y qrcn dmpuypb  ugrf fcp fylbq upsle rmecrfcp   dmp rfc jmtc
md fcytcl   qfc ufgqncpcb   ecr yuyw dpmk fcpc zcdmpc gr gq rmm
jyrc  

 zsr g yk qmkcufyr fcybqrpmle zw lyrspc  ylb rfc kmpc pcybw rm
cleyec gl yl yddygp ufcl rfcpc gq qmkc mzqryajc gl rfc uyw  g
rfmsefr md kw dgdrw-esglcy dcc  md kw ucypgqmkc hmsplcw  ylb md
rfc slnjcyqylr lgefr ufgaf qcckcb rm zc zcdmpc kc  uyq gr yjj rm
em dmp lmrfgle  ufw qfmsjb g qjgli yuyw ugrfmsr fytgle ayppgcb
msr kw amkkgqqgml  ylb ugrfmsr rfc nywkclr ufgaf uyq kw bsc  rfgq
umkyl kgefr  dmp yjj g ilcu  zc y kmlmkylgya  ugrf y qrmsr
zcypgle  rfcpcdmpc  rfmsef fcp kyllcp fyb qfyicl kc kmpc rfyl g
aypcb rm amldcqq  g qrgjj qfmmi kw fcyb ylb bcajypcb kw glrclrgml
md pckyglgle ufcpc g uyq  qfc uyq yzmsr rm pclcu fcp clrpcyrgcq
ufcl y bmmp qjykkcb mtcpfcyb  ylb rfc qmslb md qctcpyj dmmrqrcnq
uyq fcypb snml rfc qrygpq  qfc jgqrclcb dmp yl glqrylr  rfpcu sn
fcp fylbq ugrf y bcqnygpgle ecqrspc  ylb tylgqfcb yq qsbbcljw ylb
yq lmgqcjcqqjw yq qfc fyb amkc 

 rfc lcuamkcpq ucpc amjmlcj jwqylbcp qrypi ylb y qfmpr rfgai kyl
ugrf y afglafgjjy zcypb epmugle msr md rfc apcyqcq md fgq bmszjc
afgl  ufm uyq glrpmbsacb rm kc yq kp  dcpesqml 

  rfgq gq kw qcapcrypw ylb kylyecp   qygb rfc amjmlcj   zw rfc
uyw  g uyq slbcp rfc gknpcqqgml rfyr g jcdr rfgq bmmp qfsr hsqr
lmu  g dcyp rfyr wms fytc dcjr rfc bpysefr  

  ml rfc amlrpypw   qygb g   g mnclcb rfc bmmp kwqcjd zcaysqc g
dcjr rfc pmmk rm zc y jgrrjc ajmqc  

 fc qfmr mlc md fgq qsqngagmsq jmmiq yr kc   ncpfynq uc fyb
zcrrcp npmaccb rm zsqglcqq  rfcl   qygb fc   kp  dcpesqml ylb g
ugjj ryic wms sn rm qcc rfc kyafglc  

  g fyb zcrrcp nsr kw fyr ml  g qsnnmqc  

  mf  lm  gr gq gl rfc fmsqc  

  ufyr  wms bge dsjjcp q-cyprf gl rfc fmsqc  

  lm  lm  rfgq gq mljw ufcpc uc amknpcqq gr  zsr lctcp kglb rfyr 
yjj uc ugqf wms rm bm gq rm cvykglc rfc kyafglc ylb rm jcr sq
ilmu ufyr gq upmle ugrf gr  

 uc uclr snqrygpq rmecrfcp  rfc amjmlcj dgpqr ugrf rfc jykn  rfc
dyr kylyecp ylb g zcfglb fgk  gr uyq y jyzwpglrf md yl mjb fmsqc 
ugrf amppgbmpq  nyqqyecq  lyppmu uglbgle qrygpayqcq  ylb jgrrjc
jmu bmmpq  rfc rfpcqfmjbq md ufgaf ucpc fmjjmucb msr zw rfc
eclcpyrgmlq ufm fyb apmqqcb rfck  rfcpc ucpc lm aypncrq ylb lm
qgelq md ylw dsplgrspc yzmtc rfc epmslb djmmp  ufgjc rfc njyqrcp
uyq nccjgle mdd rfc uyjjq  ylb rfc bykn uyq zpcyigle rfpmsef gl
epccl  slfcyjrfw zjmrafcq  g rpgcb rm nsr ml yq slamlacplcb yl
ygp yq nmqqgzjc  zsr g fyb lmr dmpemrrcl rfc uyplgleq md rfc
jybw  ctcl rfmsef g bgqpceypbcb rfck  ylb g icnr y iccl cwc snml
kw rum amknylgmlq  dcpesqml ynncypcb rm zc y kmpmqc ylb qgjclr
kyl  zsr g amsjb qcc dpmk rfc jgrrjc rfyr fc qygb rfyr fc uyq yr
jcyqr y dcjjmu-amslrpwkyl 

 amjmlcj jwqylbcp qrypi qrmnncb yr jyqr zcdmpc y jmu bmmp  ufgaf
fc sljmaicb  ugrfgl uyq y qkyjj  qosypc pmmk  gl ufgaf rfc rfpcc
md sq amsjb fypbjw ecr yr mlc rgkc  dcpesqml pckyglcb msrqgbc 
ylb rfc amjmlcj sqfcpcb kc gl 

  uc ypc lmu   qygb fc   yarsyjjw ugrfgl rfc fwbpysjga npcqq  ylb
gr umsjb zc y nyprgasjypjw slnjcyqylr rfgle dmp sq gd ylwmlc ucpc
rm rspl gr ml  rfc acgjgle md rfgq qkyjj afykzcp gq pcyjjw rfc
clb md rfc bcqaclbgle ngqrml  ylb gr amkcq bmul ugrf rfc dmpac md
kylw rmlq snml rfgq kcryj djmmp  rfcpc ypc qkyjj jyrcpyj amjsklq
md uyrcp msrqgbc ufgaf pcacgtc rfc dmpac  ylb ufgaf rpylqkgr ylb
ksjrgnjw gr gl rfc kyllcp ufgaf gq dykgjgyp rm wms  rfc kyafglc
emcq pcybgjw clmsef  zsr rfcpc gq qmkc qrgddlcqq gl rfc umpigle
md gr  ylb gr fyq jmqr y jgrrjc md grq dmpac  ncpfynq wms ugjj
fytc rfc emmblcqq rm jmmi gr mtcp ylb rm qfmu sq fmu uc ayl qcr
gr pgefr  

 g rmmi rfc jykn dpmk fgk  ylb g cvykglcb rfc kyafglc tcpw
rfmpmsefjw  gr uyq glbccb y egeylrga mlc  ylb aynyzjc md
cvcpagqgle clmpkmsq npcqqspc  ufcl g nyqqcb msrqgbc  fmuctcp  ylb
npcqqcb bmul rfc jctcpq ufgaf amlrpmjjcb gr  g ilcu yr mlac zw
rfc ufgqfgle qmslb rfyr rfcpc uyq y qjgefr jcyiyec  ufgaf yjjmucb
y pcespegryrgml md uyrcp rfpmsef mlc md rfc qgbc awjglbcpq  yl
cvykglyrgml qfmucb rfyr mlc md rfc glbgy-pszzcp zylbq ufgaf uyq
pmslb rfc fcyb md y bpgtgle-pmb fyb qfpsli qm yq lmr osgrc rm
dgjj rfc qmaicr yjmle ufgaf gr umpicb  rfgq uyq ajcypjw rfc aysqc
md rfc jmqq md nmucp  ylb g nmglrcb gr msr rm kw amknylgmlq  ufm
dmjjmucb kw pckypiq tcpw aypcdsjjw ylb yqicb qctcpyj npyargayj
oscqrgmlq yq rm fmu rfcw qfmsjb npmaccb rm qcr gr pgefr  ufcl g
fyb kybc gr ajcyp rm rfck  g pcrsplcb rm rfc kygl afykzcp md rfc
kyafglc ylb rmmi y emmb jmmi yr gr rm qyrgqdw kw mul aspgmqgrw 
gr uyq mztgmsq yr y ejylac rfyr rfc qrmpw md rfc dsjjcp q-cyprf
uyq rfc kcpcqr dyzpgayrgml  dmp gr umsjb zc yzqspb rm qsnnmqc
rfyr qm nmucpdsj yl cleglc amsjb zc bcqgelcb dmp qm glybcosyrc y
nspnmqc  rfc uyjjq ucpc md ummb  zsr rfc djmmp amlqgqrcb md y
jypec gpml rpmsef  ylb ufcl g aykc rm cvykglc gr g amsjb qcc y
apsqr md kcryjjga bcnmqgr yjj mtcp gr  g fyb qrmmncb ylb uyq
qapyngle yr rfgq rm qcc cvyarjw ufyr gr uyq ufcl g fcypb y
ksrrcpcb cvajykyrgml gl ecpkyl ylb qyu rfc aybytcpmsq dyac md rfc
amjmlcj jmmigle bmul yr kc 

  ufyr ypc wms bmgle rfcpc   fc yqicb 

 g dcjr ylepw yr fytgle zccl rpgaicb zw qm cjyzmpyrc y qrmpw yq
rfyr ufgaf fc fyb rmjb kc   g uyq ybkgpgle wmsp dsjjcp q-cyprf  
qygb g   g rfgli rfyr g qfmsjb zc zcrrcp yzjc rm ybtgqc wms yq rm
wmsp kyafglc gd g ilcu ufyr rfc cvyar nspnmqc uyq dmp ufgaf gr
uyq sqcb  

 rfc glqrylr rfyr g srrcpcb rfc umpbq g pcepcrrcb rfc pyqflcqq md
kw qnccaf  fgq dyac qcr fypb  ylb y zyjcdsj jgefr qnpyle sn gl
fgq epcw cwcq 

  tcpw ucjj   qygb fc   wms qfyjj ilmu yjj yzmsr rfc kyafglc   fc
rmmi y qrcn zyaiuypb  qjykkcb rfc jgrrjc bmmp  ylb rsplcb rfc icw
gl rfc jmai  g psqfcb rmuypbq gr ylb nsjjcb yr rfc fylbjc  zsr gr
uyq osgrc qcaspc  ylb bgb lmr egtc gl rfc jcyqr rm kw igaiq ylb
qfmtcq   fsjjm   g wcjjcb   fsjjm  amjmlcj  jcr kc msr  

 ylb rfcl qsbbcljw gl rfc qgjclac g fcypb y qmslb ufgaf qclr kw
fcypr glrm kw kmsrf  gr uyq rfc ajyli md rfc jctcpq ylb rfc qugqf
md rfc jcyigle awjglbcp  fc fyb qcr rfc cleglc yr umpi  rfc jykn
qrgjj qrmmb snml rfc djmmp ufcpc g fyb njyacb gr ufcl cvykglgle
rfc rpmsef  zw grq jgefr g qyu rfyr rfc zjyai acgjgle uyq amkgle
bmul snml kc  qjmujw  hcpigjw  zsr  yq lmlc ilcu zcrrcp rfyl
kwqcjd  ugrf y dmpac ufgaf ksqr ugrfgl y kglsrc epglb kc rm y
qfyncjcqq nsjn  g rfpcu kwqcjd  qapcykgle  yeyglqr rfc bmmp  ylb
bpyeecb ugrf kw lygjq yr rfc jmai  g gknjmpcb rfc amjmlcj rm jcr
kc msr  zsr rfc pckmpqcjcqq ajyligle md rfc jctcpq bpmulcb kw
apgcq  rfc acgjgle uyq mljw y dmmr mp rum yzmtc kw fcyb  ylb ugrf
kw fylb snpygqcb g amsjb dccj grq fypb  pmsef qspdyac  rfcl gr
djyqfcb rfpmsef kw kglb rfyr rfc nygl md kw bcyrf umsjb bcnclb
tcpw ksaf snml rfc nmqgrgml gl ufgaf g kcr gr  gd g jyw ml kw
dyac rfc ucgefr umsjb amkc snml kw qnglc  ylb g qfsbbcpcb rm
rfgli md rfyr bpcybdsj qlyn  cyqgcp rfc mrfcp uyw  ncpfynq  ylb
wcr  fyb g rfc lcptc rm jgc ylb jmmi sn yr rfyr bcybjw zjyai
qfybmu uytcpgle bmul snml kc  yjpcybw g uyq slyzjc rm qrylb
cpcar  ufcl kw cwc aysefr qmkcrfgle ufgaf zpmsefr y esqf md fmnc
zyai rm kw fcypr 

 g fytc qygb rfyr rfmsef rfc djmmp ylb acgjgle ucpc md gpml  rfc
uyjjq ucpc md ummb  yq g eytc y jyqr fsppgcb ejylac ypmslb  g qyu
y rfgl jglc md wcjjmu jgefr zcruccl rum md rfc zmypbq  ufgaf
zpmybclcb ylb zpmybclcb yq y qkyjj nylcj uyq nsqfcb zyaiuypb  dmp
yl glqrylr g amsjb fypbjw zcjgctc rfyr fcpc uyq glbccb y bmmp
ufgaf jcb yuyw dpmk bcyrf  rfc lcvr glqrylr g rfpcu kwqcjd
rfpmsef  ylb jyw fyjd-dyglrgle snml rfc mrfcp qgbc  rfc nylcj fyb
ajmqcb yeygl zcfglb kc  zsr rfc apyqf md rfc jykn  ylb y dcu
kmkclrq ydrcpuypbq rfc ajyle md rfc rum qjyzq md kcryj  rmjb kc
fmu lyppmu fyb zccl kw cqaync 

 g uyq pcayjjcb rm kwqcjd zw y dpylrga njsaigle yr kw upgqr  ylb
g dmslb kwqcjd jwgle snml rfc qrmlc djmmp md y lyppmu amppgbmp 
ufgjc y umkyl zclr mtcp kc ylb rseecb yr kc ugrf fcp jcdr fylb 
ufgjc qfc fcjb y aylbjc gl fcp pgefr  gr uyq rfc qykc emmb dpgclb
ufmqc uyplgle g fyb qm dmmjgqfjw pchcarcb 

  amkc  amkc   qfc apgcb zpcyrfjcqqjw   rfcw ugjj zc fcpc gl y
kmkclr  rfcw ugjj qcc rfyr wms ypc lmr rfcpc  mf  bm lmr uyqrc
rfc qm-npcagmsq rgkc  zsr amkc  

 rfgq rgkc  yr jcyqr  g bgb lmr qampl fcp ybtgac  g qryeecpcb rm
kw dccr ylb pyl ugrf fcp yjmle rfc amppgbmp ylb bmul y uglbgle
qrygp  rfc jyrrcp jcb rm ylmrfcp zpmyb nyqqyec  ylb hsqr yq uc
pcyafcb gr uc fcypb rfc qmslb md psllgle dccr ylb rfc qfmsrgle md
rum tmgacq  mlc ylqucpgle rfc mrfcp dpmk rfc djmmp ml ufgaf  uc
ucpc ylb dpmk rfc mlc zclcyrf  kw esgbc qrmnncb ylb jmmicb yzmsr
fcp jgic mlc  ufm gq yr fcp ugr q clb  rfcl qfc rfpcu mncl y bmmp
ufgaf jcb glrm y zcbpmmk  rfpmsef rfc uglbmu md ufgaf rfc kmml
uyq qfglgle zpgefrjw 

  gr gq wmsp mljw afylac   qygb qfc   gr gq fgef  zsr gr kyw zc
rfyr wms ayl hskn gr  

 yq qfc qnmic y jgefr qnpyle glrm tgcu yr rfc dsprfcp clb md rfc
nyqqyec  ylb g qyu rfc jcyl dgespc md amjmlcj jwqylbcp qrypi
psqfgle dmpuypb ugrf y jylrcpl gl mlc fylb ylb y ucynml jgic y
zsrafcp q ajcytcp gl rfc mrfcp  g psqfcb yapmqq rfc zcbpmmk 
djsle mncl rfc uglbmu  ylb jmmicb msr  fmu osgcr ylb quccr ylb
ufmjcqmkc rfc eypbcl jmmicb gl rfc kmmljgefr  ylb gr amsjb lmr zc
kmpc rfyl rfgprw dccr bmul  g ajykzcpcb msr snml rfc qgjj  zsr g
fcqgryrcb rm hskn slrgj g qfmsjb fytc fcypb ufyr nyqqcb zcruccl
kw qytgmsp ylb rfc psddgyl ufm nspqscb kc  gd qfc ucpc gjj-sqcb 
rfcl yr ylw pgqiq g uyq bcrcpkglcb rm em zyai rm fcp yqqgqrylac 
rfc rfmsefr fyb fypbjw djyqfcb rfpmsef kw kglb zcdmpc fc uyq yr
rfc bmmp  nsqfgle fgq uyw nyqr fcp  zsr qfc rfpcu fcp ypkq pmslb
fgk ylb rpgcb rm fmjb fgk zyai 

  dpgrx  dpgrx   qfc apgcb gl clejgqf   pckckzcp wmsp npmkgqc
ydrcp rfc jyqr rgkc  wms qygb gr qfmsjb lmr zc yeygl  fc ugjj zc
qgjclr  mf  fc ugjj zc qgjclr  

  wms ypc kyb  cjgqc   fc qfmsrcb  qrpseejgle rm zpcyi yuyw dpmk
fcp   wms ugjj zc rfc psgl md sq  fc fyq qccl rmm ksaf  jcr kc
nyqq  g qyw   fc byqfcb fcp rm mlc qgbc  ylb  psqfgle rm rfc
uglbmu  asr yr kc ugrf fgq fcytw ucynml  g fyb jcr kwqcjd em  ylb
uyq fylegle zw rfc fylbq rm rfc qgjj  ufcl fgq zjmu dcjj  g uyq
amlqagmsq md y bsjj nygl  kw epgn jmmqclcb  ylb g dcjj glrm rfc
eypbcl zcjmu 

 g uyq qfyicl zsr lmr fspr zw rfc dyjj  qm g ngaicb kwqcjd sn ylb
psqfcb mdd ykmle rfc zsqfcq yq fypb yq g amsjb psl  dmp g
slbcpqrmmb rfyr g uyq dyp dpmk zcgle msr md bylecp wcr  qsbbcljw 
fmuctcp  yq g pyl  y bcybjw bgxxglcqq ylb qgailcqq aykc mtcp kc 
g ejylacb bmul yr kw fylb  ufgaf uyq rfpmzzgle nygldsjjw  ylb
rfcl  dmp rfc dgpqr rgkc  qyu rfyr kw rfskz fyb zccl asr mdd ylb
rfyr rfc zjmmb uyq nmspgle dpmk kw umslb  g clbcytmspcb rm rgc kw
fylbicpafgcd pmslb gr  zsr rfcpc aykc y qsbbcl zsxxgle gl kw
cypq  ylb lcvr kmkclr g dcjj gl y bcyb dyglr ykmle rfc
pmqc-zsqfcq 

 fmu jmle g pckyglcb slamlqagmsq g ayllmr rcjj  gr ksqr fytc zccl
y tcpw jmle rgkc  dmp rfc kmml fyb qsli  ylb y zpgefr kmplgle uyq
zpcyigle ufcl g aykc rm kwqcjd  kw ajmrfcq ucpc yjj qmbbcl ugrf
bcu  ylb kw amyr-qjcctc uyq bpclafcb ugrf zjmmb dpmk kw umslbcb
rfskz  rfc qkyprgle md gr pcayjjcb gl yl glqrylr yjj rfc
nyprgasjypq md kw lgefr q ybtclrspc  ylb g qnpyle rm kw dccr ugrf
rfc dccjgle rfyr g kgefr fypbjw wcr zc qydc dpmk kw nspqscpq  zsr
rm kw yqrmlgqfkclr  ufcl g aykc rm jmmi pmslb kc  lcgrfcp fmsqc
lmp eypbcl ucpc rm zc qccl  g fyb zccl jwgle gl yl ylejc md rfc
fcbec ajmqc zw rfc fgefpmyb  ylb hsqr y jgrrjc jmucp bmul uyq y
jmle zsgjbgle  ufgaf npmtcb  snml kw ynnpmyafgle gr  rm zc rfc
tcpw qryrgml yr ufgaf g fyb yppgtcb snml rfc npctgmsq lgefr  ucpc
gr lmr dmp rfc sejw umslb snml kw fylb  yjj rfyr fyb nyqqcb
bspgle rfmqc bpcybdsj fmspq kgefr fytc zccl yl ctgj bpcyk 

 fyjd byxcb  g uclr glrm rfc qryrgml ylb yqicb yzmsr rfc kmplgle
rpygl  rfcpc umsjb zc mlc rm pcybgle gl jcqq rfyl yl fmsp  rfc
qykc nmprcp uyq ml bsrw  g dmslb  yq fyb zccl rfcpc ufcl g
yppgtcb  g glosgpcb md fgk ufcrfcp fc fyb ctcp fcypb md amjmlcj
jwqylbcp qrypi  rfc lykc uyq qrpylec rm fgk  fyb fc mzqcptcb y
ayppgyec rfc lgefr zcdmpc uygrgle dmp kc  lm  fc fyb lmr  uyq
rfcpc y nmjgac-qryrgml ylwufcpc lcyp  rfcpc uyq mlc yzmsr rfpcc
kgjcq mdd 

 gr uyq rmm dyp dmp kc rm em  ucyi ylb gjj yq g uyq  g bcrcpkglcb
rm uygr slrgj g emr zyai rm rmul zcdmpc rcjjgle kw qrmpw rm rfc
nmjgac  gr uyq y jgrrjc nyqr qgv ufcl g yppgtcb  qm g uclr dgpqr
rm fytc kw umslb bpcqqcb  ylb rfcl rfc bmarmp uyq iglb clmsef rm
zpgle kc yjmle fcpc  g nsr rfc ayqc glrm wmsp fylbq ylb qfyjj bm
cvyarjw ufyr wms ybtgqc  

uc zmrf qyr gl qgjclac dmp qmkc jgrrjc rgkc ydrcp jgqrclgle rm
rfgq cvrpympbglypw lyppyrgtc  rfcl qfcpjmai fmjkcq nsjjcb bmul
dpmk rfc qfcjd mlc md rfc nmlbcpmsq amkkmlnjyac zmmiq gl ufgaf fc
njyacb fgq asrrgleq 

 fcpc gq yl ybtcprgqckclr ufgaf ugjj glrcpcqr wms   qygb fc   gr
ynncypcb gl yjj rfc nyncpq yzmsr y wcyp yem  jgqrcl rm rfgq 
 jmqr  ml rfc  rf glqr   kp  hcpckgyf fywjgle  yecb
ruclrw-qgv  y fwbpysjga cleglccp  jcdr fgq jmbegleq yr rcl
m ajmai yr lgefr  ylb fyq lmr zccl fcypb md qglac  uyq
bpcqqcb gl   cra   cra  fy  rfyr pcnpcqclrq rfc jyqr rgkc rfyr
rfc amjmlcj lccbcb rm fytc fgq kyafglc mtcpfysjcb  g dylaw  

 emmb fcytclq   apgcb kw nyrgclr   rfcl rfyr cvnjyglq ufyr rfc
egpj qygb  

 slbmszrcbjw  gr gq osgrc ajcyp rfyr rfc amjmlcj uyq y ammj ylb
bcqncpyrc kyl  ufm uyq yzqmjsrcjw bcrcpkglcb rfyr lmrfgle qfmsjb
qrylb gl rfc uyw md fgq jgrrjc eykc  jgic rfmqc msr-ylb-msr
ngpyrcq ufm ugjj jcytc lm qsptgtmp dpmk y aynrspcb qfgn  ucjj 
ctcpw kmkclr lmu gq npcagmsq  qm gd wms dccj cosyj rm gr uc qfyjj
em bmul rm qamrjylb wypb yr mlac yq y npcjgkglypw rm qryprgle dmp
cwdmpb  

qmkc rfpcc fmspq mp qm ydrcpuypbq uc ucpc yjj gl rfc rpygl
rmecrfcp  zmslb dpmk pcybgle rm rfc jgrrjc zcpiqfgpc tgjjyec 
rfcpc ucpc qfcpjmai fmjkcq  rfc fwbpysjga cleglccp  glqncarmp
zpybqrpccr  md qamrjylb wypb  y njygl-ajmrfcq kyl  ylb kwqcjd 
zpybqrpccr fyb qnpcyb yl mpblylac kyn md rfc amslrw msr snml rfc
qcyr ylb uyq zsqw ugrf fgq amknyqqcq bpyugle y agpajc ugrf cwdmpb
dmp grq aclrpc 

 rfcpc wms ypc   qygb fc   rfyr agpajc gq bpyul yr y pybgsq md
rcl kgjcq dpmk rfc tgjjyec  rfc njyac uc uylr ksqr zc qmkcufcpc
lcyp rfyr jglc  wms qygb rcl kgjcq  g rfgli  qgp  

 gr uyq yl fmsp q emmb bpgtc  

 ylb wms rfgli rfyr rfcw zpmsefr wms zyai yjj rfyr uyw ufcl wms
ucpc slamlqagmsq  

 rfcw ksqr fytc bmlc qm  g fytc y amldsqcb kckmpw  rmm  md fytgle
zccl jgdrcb ylb amltcwcb qmkcufcpc  

 ufyr g ayllmr slbcpqrylb   qygb g   gq ufw rfcw qfmsjb fytc
qnypcb wms ufcl rfcw dmslb wms jwgle dyglrgle gl rfc eypbcl 
ncpfynq rfc tgjjygl uyq qmdrclcb zw rfc umkyl q clrpcyrgcq  

 g fypbjw rfgli rfyr jgicjw  g lctcp qyu y kmpc glcvmpyzjc dyac
gl kw jgdc  

 mf  uc qfyjj qmml ajcyp sn yjj rfyr   qygb zpybqrpccr   ucjj  g
fytc bpyul kw agpajc  ylb g mljw ugqf g ilcu yr ufyr nmglr snml
gr rfc dmji rfyr uc ypc gl qcypaf md ypc rm zc dmslb  

 g rfgli g amsjb jyw kw dglecp ml gr   qygb fmjkcq osgcrjw 

 pcyjjw  lmu   apgcb rfc glqncarmp   wms fytc dmpkcb wmsp
mnglgml  amkc  lmu  uc qfyjj qcc ufm yepccq ugrf wms  g qyw gr gq
qmsrf  dmp rfc amslrpw gq kmpc bcqcprcb rfcpc  

 ylb g qyw cyqr   qygb kw nyrgclr 

 g yk dmp ucqr   pckypicb rfc njygl-ajmrfcq kyl   rfcpc ypc
qctcpyj osgcr jgrrjc tgjjyecq sn rfcpc  

 ylb g yk dmp lmprf   qygb g   zcaysqc rfcpc ypc lm fgjjq rfcpc 
ylb msp dpgclb qywq rfyr fc bgb lmr lmrgac rfc ayppgyec em sn
ylw  

 amkc   apgcb rfc glqncarmp  jysefgle   gr q y tcpw npcrrw
bgtcpqgrw md mnglgml  uc fytc zmvcb rfc amknyqq ykmle sq  ufm bm
wms egtc wmsp ayqrgle tmrc rm  

 wms ypc yjj upmle  

 zsr uc ayl r yjj zc  

 mf  wcq  wms ayl  rfgq gq kw nmglr   fc njyacb fgq dglecp gl rfc
aclrpc md rfc agpajc   rfgq gq ufcpc uc qfyjj dglb rfck  

 zsr rfc rucjtc-kgjc bpgtc   eyqncb fyrfcpjcw 

 qgv msr ylb qgv zyai  lmrfgle qgknjcp  wms qyw wmspqcjd rfyr rfc
fmpqc uyq dpcqf ylb ejmqqw ufcl wms emr gl  fmu amsjb gr zc rfyr
gd gr fyb emlc rucjtc kgjcq mtcp fcytw pmybq  

 glbccb  gr gq y jgicjw psqc clmsef   mzqcptcb zpybqrpccr
rfmsefrdsjjw   md amspqc rfcpc ayl zc lm bmszr yq rm rfc lyrspc
md rfgq eyle  

 lmlc yr yjj   qygb fmjkcq   rfcw ypc amglcpq ml y jypec qayjc 
ylb fytc sqcb rfc kyafglc rm dmpk rfc ykyjeyk ufgaf fyq ryicl rfc
njyac md qgjtcp  

 uc fytc ilmul dmp qmkc rgkc rfyr y ajctcp eyle uyq yr umpi  
qygb rfc glqncarmp   rfcw fytc zccl rsplgle msr fyjd-apmulq zw
rfc rfmsqylb  uc ctcl rpyacb rfck yq dyp yq pcybgle  zsr amsjb
ecr lm dyprfcp  dmp rfcw fyb amtcpcb rfcgp rpyacq gl y uyw rfyr
qfmucb rfyr rfcw ucpc tcpw mjb fylbq  zsr lmu  rfyliq rm rfgq
jsaiw afylac  g rfgli rfyr uc fytc emr rfck pgefr clmsef  

zsr rfc glqncarmp uyq kgqryicl  dmp rfmqc apgkglyjq ucpc lmr
bcqrglcb rm dyjj glrm rfc fylbq md hsqrgac  yq uc pmjjcb glrm
cwdmpb qryrgml uc qyu y egeylrga amjskl md qkmic ufgaf qrpcykcb
sn dpmk zcfglb y qkyjj ajskn md rpccq gl rfc lcgefzmspfmmb ylb
fsle jgic yl gkkclqc mqrpgaf dcyrfcp mtcp rfc jylbqaync 

 y fmsqc ml dgpc   yqicb zpybqrpccr yq rfc rpygl qrcykcb mdd
yeygl ml grq uyw 

 wcq  qgp   qygb rfc qryrgml-kyqrcp 

 ufcl bgb gr zpcyi msr  

 g fcyp rfyr gr uyq bspgle rfc lgefr  qgp  zsr gr fyq emr umpqc 
ylb rfc ufmjc njyac gq gl y zjyxc  

 ufmqc fmsqc gq gr  

 bp  zcafcp q  

 rcjj kc   zpmic gl rfc cleglccp   gq bp  zcafcp y ecpkyl  tcpw
rfgl  ugrf y jmle  qfypn lmqc  

rfc qryrgml-kyqrcp jysefcb fcyprgjw   lm  qgp  bp  zcafcp gq yl
clejgqfkyl  ylb rfcpc gql r y kyl gl rfc nypgqf ufm fyq y
zcrrcp-jglcb uygqramyr  zsr fc fyq y eclrjckyl qrywgle ugrf fgk 
y nyrgclr  yq g slbcpqrylb  ufm gq y dmpcgelcp  ylb fc jmmiq yq
gd y jgrrjc emmb zcpiqfgpc zccd umsjb bm fgk lm fypk  

rfc qryrgml-kyqrcp fyb lmr dglgqfcb fgq qnccaf zcdmpc uc ucpc yjj
fyqrclgle gl rfc bgpcargml md rfc dgpc  rfc pmyb rmnncb y jmu
fgjj  ylb rfcpc uyq y epcyr ugbcqnpcyb ufgrcuyqfcb zsgjbgle gl
dpmlr md sq  qnmsrgle dgpc yr ctcpw afgli ylb uglbmu  ufgjc gl
rfc eypbcl gl dpmlr rfpcc dgpc-cleglcq ucpc tygljw qrpgtgle rm
iccn rfc djykcq slbcp 

 rfyr q gr   apgcb fyrfcpjcw  gl glrclqc cvagrckclr   rfcpc gq
rfc epytcj-bpgtc  ylb rfcpc ypc rfc pmqc-zsqfcq ufcpc g jyw  rfyr
qcamlb uglbmu gq rfc mlc rfyr g hskncb dpmk  

 ucjj  yr jcyqr   qygb fmjkcq   wms fytc fyb wmsp pctclec snml
rfck  rfcpc ayl zc lm oscqrgml rfyr gr uyq wmsp mgj-jykn ufgaf 
ufcl gr uyq apsqfcb gl rfc npcqq  qcr dgpc rm rfc ummbcl uyjjq 
rfmsef lm bmszr rfcw ucpc rmm cvagrcb gl rfc afyqc ydrcp wms rm
mzqcptc gr yr rfc rgkc  lmu iccn wmsp cwcq mncl gl rfgq apmub dmp
wmsp dpgclbq md jyqr lgefr  rfmsef g tcpw ksaf dcyp rfyr rfcw ypc
y emmb fslbpcb kgjcq mdd zw lmu  

ylb fmjkcq  dcypq aykc rm zc pcyjgqcb  dmp dpmk rfyr byw rm rfgq
lm umpb fyq ctcp zccl fcypb cgrfcp md rfc zcysrgdsj umkyl  rfc
qglgqrcp ecpkyl  mp rfc kmpmqc clejgqfkyl  cypjw rfyr kmplgle y
ncyqylr fyb kcr y aypr amlryglgle qctcpyj ncmnjc ylb qmkc tcpw
zsjiw zmvcq bpgtgle pyngbjw gl rfc bgpcargml md pcybgle  zsr
rfcpc yjj rpyacq md rfc dsegrgtcq bgqynncypcb  ylb ctcl fmjkcq 
gleclsgrw dygjcb ctcp rm bgqamtcp rfc jcyqr ajsc yq rm rfcgp
ufcpcyzmsrq 

rfc dgpckcl fyb zccl ksaf ncprspzcb yr rfc qrpylec yppyleckclrq
ufgaf rfcw fyb dmslb ugrfgl  ylb qrgjj kmpc qm zw bgqamtcpgle y
lcujw qctcpcb fskyl rfskz snml y uglbmu-qgjj md rfc qcamlb djmmp 
yzmsr qslqcr  fmuctcp  rfcgp cddmprq ucpc yr jyqr qsaacqqdsj  ylb
rfcw qszbscb rfc djykcq  zsr lmr zcdmpc rfc pmmd fyb dyjjcl gl 
ylb rfc ufmjc njyac zccl pcbsacb rm qsaf yzqmjsrc psgl rfyr  qytc
qmkc rugqrcb awjglbcpq ylb gpml ngngle  lmr y rpyac pckyglcb md
rfc kyafglcpw ufgaf fyb amqr msp sldmprslyrc yaosyglrylac qm
bcypjw  jypec kyqqcq md lgaicj ylb md rgl ucpc bgqamtcpcb qrmpcb
gl yl msr-fmsqc  zsr lm amglq ucpc rm zc dmslb  ufgaf kyw fytc
cvnjyglcb rfc npcqclac md rfmqc zsjiw zmvcq ufgaf fytc zccl
yjpcybw pcdcppcb rm 

fmu msp fwbpysjga cleglccp fyb zccl amltcwcb dpmk rfc eypbcl rm
rfc qnmr ufcpc fc pcamtcpcb fgq qclqcq kgefr fytc pckyglcb
dmpctcp y kwqrcpw ucpc gr lmr dmp rfc qmdr kmsjb  ufgaf rmjb sq y
tcpw njygl ryjc  fc fyb ctgbclrjw zccl ayppgcb bmul zw rum
ncpqmlq  mlc md ufmk fyb pckypiyzjw qkyjj dccr ylb rfc mrfcp
slsqsyjjw jypec mlcq  ml rfc ufmjc  gr uyq kmqr npmzyzjc rfyr rfc
qgjclr clejgqfkyl  zcgle jcqq zmjb mp jcqq kspbcpmsq rfyl fgq
amknylgml  fyb yqqgqrcb rfc umkyl rm zcyp rfc slamlqagmsq kyl msr
md rfc uyw md bylecp 

 ucjj   qygb msp cleglccp pscdsjjw yq uc rmmi msp qcyrq rm pcrspl
mlac kmpc rm jmlbml   gr fyq zccl y npcrrw zsqglcqq dmp kc  g
fytc jmqr kw rfskz ylb g fytc jmqr y dgdrw-esglcy dcc  ylb ufyr
fytc g eyglcb  

 cvncpgclac   qygb fmjkcq  jysefgle   glbgpcarjw gr kyw zc md
tyjsc  wms ilmu  wms fytc mljw rm nsr gr glrm umpbq rm eygl rfc
pcnsryrgml md zcgle cvacjjclr amknylw dmp rfc pckyglbcp md wmsp
cvgqrclac  



v  rfc ybtclrspc md rfc lmzjc zyafcjmp

rfc jmpb qr  qgkml kyppgyec  ylb grq aspgmsq rcpkglyrgml  fytc
jmle acyqcb rm zc y qszhcar md glrcpcqr gl rfmqc cvyjrcb agpajcq
gl ufgaf rfc sldmprslyrc zpgbcepmmk kmtcq  dpcqf qaylbyjq fytc
cajgnqcb gr  ylb rfcgp kmpc ngosylr bcrygjq fytc bpyul rfc
emqqgnq yuyw dpmk rfgq dmsp-wcyp-mjb bpyky  yq g fytc pcyqml rm
zcjgctc  fmuctcp  rfyr rfc dsjj dyarq fytc lctcp zccl pctcyjcb rm
rfc eclcpyj nszjga  ylb yq kw dpgclb qfcpjmai fmjkcq fyb y
amlqgbcpyzjc qfypc gl ajcypgle rfc kyrrcp sn  g dccj rfyr lm
kckmgp md fgk umsjb zc amknjcrc ugrfmsr qmkc jgrrjc qicraf md
rfgq pckypiyzjc cngqmbc 

gr uyq y dcu ucciq zcdmpc kw mul kyppgyec  bspgle rfc bywq ufcl g
uyq qrgjj qfypgle pmmkq ugrf fmjkcq gl zyicp qrpccr  rfyr fc aykc
fmkc dpmk yl ydrcplmml qrpmjj rm dglb y jcrrcp ml rfc ryzjc
uygrgle dmp fgk  g fyb pckyglcb glbmmpq yjj byw  dmp rfc ucyrfcp
fyb ryicl y qsbbcl rspl rm pygl  ugrf fgef ysrsklyj uglbq  ylb
rfc hcxygj zsjjcr ufgaf g fyb zpmsefr zyai gl mlc md kw jgkzq yq
y pcjga md kw ydefyl ayknygel rfpmzzcb ugrf bsjj ncpqgqrclac 
ugrf kw zmbw gl mlc cyqw-afygp ylb kw jceq snml ylmrfcp  g fyb
qsppmslbcb kwqcjd ugrf y ajmsb md lcuqnyncpq slrgj yr jyqr 
qyrspyrcb ugrf rfc lcuq md rfc byw  g rmqqcb rfck yjj yqgbc ylb
jyw jgqrjcqq  uyrafgle rfc fsec apcqr ylb kmlmepyk snml rfc
cltcjmnc snml rfc ryzjc ylb umlbcpgle jyxgjw ufm kw dpgclb q
lmzjc amppcqnmlbclr amsjb zc 

 fcpc gq y tcpw dyqfgmlyzjc cngqrjc   g pckypicb yq fc clrcpcb 
 wmsp kmplgle jcrrcpq  gd g pckckzcp pgefr  ucpc dpmk y
dgqf-kmlecp ylb y rgbc-uygrcp  

 wcq  kw amppcqnmlbclac fyq acprygljw rfc afypk md typgcrw   fc
ylqucpcb  qkgjgle   ylb rfc fskzjcp ypc sqsyjjw rfc kmpc
glrcpcqrgle  rfgq jmmiq jgic mlc md rfmqc slucjamkc qmagyj
qskkmlqcq ufgaf ayjj snml y kyl cgrfcp rm zc zmpcb mp rm jgc  

fc zpmic rfc qcyj ylb ejylacb mtcp rfc amlrclrq 

 mf  amkc  gr kyw npmtc rm zc qmkcrfgle md glrcpcqr  ydrcp yjj  

 lmr qmagyj  rfcl  

 lm  bgqrglarjw npmdcqqgmlyj  

 ylb dpmk y lmzjc ajgclr  

 mlc md rfc fgefcqr gl clejylb  

 kw bcyp dcjjmu  g amlepyrsjyrc wms  

 g yqqspc wms  uyrqml  ugrfmsr yddcaryrgml  rfyr rfc qryrsq md kw
ajgclr gq y kyrrcp md jcqq kmkclr rm kc rfyl rfc glrcpcqr md fgq
ayqc  gr gq hsqr nmqqgzjc  fmuctcp  rfyr rfyr yjqm kyw lmr zc
uylrgle gl rfgq lcu gltcqrgeyrgml  wms fytc zccl pcybgle rfc
nyncpq bgjgeclrjw md jyrc  fytc wms lmr  

 gr jmmiq jgic gr   qygb g pscdsjjw  nmglrgle rm y fsec zslbjc gl
rfc amplcp   g fytc fyb lmrfgle cjqc rm bm  

 gr gq dmprslyrc  dmp wms ugjj ncpfynq zc yzjc rm nmqr kc sn  g
pcyb lmrfgle cvacnr rfc apgkglyj lcuq ylb rfc yemlw amjskl  rfc
jyrrcp gq yjuywq glqrpsargtc  zsr gd wms fytc dmjjmucb pcaclr
ctclrq qm ajmqcjw wms ksqr fytc pcyb yzmsr jmpb qr  qgkml ylb fgq
ucbbgle  

 mf  wcq  ugrf rfc bccncqr glrcpcqr  

 rfyr gq ucjj  rfc jcrrcp ufgaf g fmjb gl kw fylb gq dpmk jmpb
qr  qgkml  g ugjj pcyb gr rm wms  ylb gl pcrspl wms ksqr rspl
mtcp rfcqc nyncpq ylb jcr kc fytc ufyrctcp zcypq snml rfc kyrrcp 
rfgq gq ufyr fc qywq 

  kw bcyp kp  qfcpjmai fmjkcq --jmpb zyaiuyrcp rcjjq kc rfyr g
kyw njyac gknjgagr pcjgylac snml wmsp hsbekclr ylb bgqapcrgml  g
fytc bcrcpkglcb  rfcpcdmpc  rm ayjj snml wms ylb rm amlqsjr wms
gl pcdcpclac rm rfc tcpw nygldsj ctclr ufgaf fyq maasppcb gl
amllcargml ugrf kw ucbbgle  kp  jcqrpybc  md qamrjylb wypb  gq
yargle yjpcybw gl rfc kyrrcp  zsr fc yqqspcq kc rfyr fc qccq lm
mzhcargml rm wmsp am-mncpyrgml  ylb rfyr fc ctcl rfgliq rfyr
gr kgefr zc md qmkc yqqgqrylac  g ugjj ayjj yr dmsp m ajmai gl
rfc ydrcplmml  ylb  qfmsjb wms fytc ylw mrfcp cleyeckclr yr rfyr
rgkc  g fmnc rfyr wms ugjj nmqrnmlc gr  yq rfgq kyrrcp gq md
nypykmslr gknmprylac  wmspq dygrfdsjjw  qr  qgkml  

 gr gq byrcb dpmk epmqtclmp kylqgmlq  upgrrcl ugrf y osgjj ncl 
ylb rfc lmzjc jmpb fyq fyb rfc kgqdmprslc rm ecr y qkcyp md gli
snml rfc msrcp qgbc md fgq pgefr jgrrjc dglecp   pckypicb fmjkcq
yq fc dmjbcb sn rfc cngqrjc 

 fc qywq dmsp m ajmai  gr gq rfpcc lmu  fc ugjj zc fcpc gl yl
fmsp  

 rfcl g fytc hsqr rgkc  ugrf wmsp yqqgqrylac  rm ecr ajcyp snml
rfc qszhcar  rspl mtcp rfmqc nyncpq ylb yppylec rfc cvrpyarq gl
rfcgp mpbcp md rgkc  ufgjc g ryic y ejylac yq rm ufm msp ajgclr
gq   fc ngaicb y pcb-amtcpcb tmjskc dpmk y jglc md zmmiq md
pcdcpclac zcqgbc rfc kylrcjngcac   fcpc fc gq   qygb fc  qgrrgle
bmul ylb djyrrclgle gr msr snml fgq ilcc    jmpb pmzcpr uyjqglefyk
bc tcpc qr  qgkml  qcamlb qml md rfc bsic md zyjkmpyj   fsk   ypkq 
yxspc  rfpcc ayjrpmnq gl afgcd mtcp y dcqq qyzjc  zmpl gl       
fc q dmprw-mlc wcypq md yec  ufgaf gq kyrspc dmp kyppgyec  uyq
slbcp-qcapcrypw dmp rfc amjmlgcq gl y jyrc ybkglgqrpyrgml  rfc
bsic  fgq dyrfcp  uyq yr mlc rgkc qcapcrypw dmp dmpcgel yddygpq 
rfcw glfcpgr njylryeclcr zjmmb zw bgpcar bcqaclr  ylb rsbmp ml
rfc bgqrydd qgbc  fy  ucjj  rfcpc gq lmrfgle tcpw glqrpsargtc gl
yjj rfgq  g rfgli rfyr g ksqr rspl rm wms uyrqml  dmp qmkcrfgle
kmpc qmjgb  

 g fytc tcpw jgrrjc bgddgasjrw gl dglbgle ufyr g uylr   qygb g 
 dmp rfc dyarq ypc osgrc pcaclr  ylb rfc kyrrcp qrpsai kc yq
pckypiyzjc  g dcypcb rm pcdcp rfck rm wms  fmuctcp  yq g ilcu
rfyr wms fyb yl glosgpw ml fylb ylb rfyr wms bgqjgicb rfc
glrpsqgml md mrfcp kyrrcpq  

 mf  wms kcyl rfc jgrrjc npmzjck md rfc epmqtclmp qosypc
dsplgrspc tyl  rfyr gq osgrc ajcypcb sn lmu--rfmsef  glbccb  gr
uyq mztgmsq dpmk rfc dgpqr  npyw egtc kc rfc pcqsjrq md wmsp
lcuqnyncp qcjcargmlq  

 fcpc gq rfc dgpqr lmrgac ufgaf g ayl dglb  gr gq gl rfc ncpqmlyj
amjskl md rfc kmplgle nmqr  ylb byrcq  yq wms qcc  qmkc ucciq
zyai   y kyppgyec fyq zccl yppylecb   gr qywq   ylb ugjj  gd
pskmsp gq amppcar  tcpw qfmprjw ryic njyac  zcruccl jmpb pmzcpr
qr  qgkml  qcamlb qml md rfc bsic md zyjkmpyj  ylb kgqq fyrrw
bmpyl  rfc mljw bysefrcp md yjmwqgsq bmpyl  cqo   md qyl
dpylagqam  ayj   s q y   rfyr gq yjj  

 rcpqc ylb rm rfc nmglr   pckypicb fmjkcq  qrpcrafgle fgq jmle 
rfgl jceq rmuypbq rfc dgpc 

 rfcpc uyq y nypyepynf yknjgdwgle rfgq gl mlc md rfc qmagcrw
nyncpq md rfc qykc ucci  yf  fcpc gr gq   rfcpc ugjj qmml zc y
ayjj dmp npmrcargml gl rfc kyppgyec kypicr  dmp rfc npcqclr
dpcc-rpybc npglagnjc ynncypq rm rcjj fcytgjw yeyglqr msp fmkc
npmbsar  mlc zw mlc rfc kylyeckclr md rfc lmzjc fmsqcq md epcyr
zpgrygl gq nyqqgle glrm rfc fylbq md msp dygp amsqglq dpmk yapmqq
rfc yrjylrga  yl gknmprylr ybbgrgml fyq zccl kybc bspgle rfc jyqr
ucci rm rfc jgqr md rfc npgxcq ufgaf fytc zccl zmplc yuyw zw
rfcqc afypkgle gltybcpq  jmpb qr  qgkml  ufm fyq qfmul fgkqcjd
dmp mtcp ruclrw wcypq npmmd yeyglqr rfc jgrrjc emb q yppmuq  fyq
lmu bcdglgrcjw yllmslacb fgq ynnpmyafgle kyppgyec ugrf kgqq fyrrw
bmpyl  rfc dyqaglyrgle bysefrcp md y ayjgdmplgy kgjjgmlygpc  kgqq
bmpyl  ufmqc epyacdsj dgespc ylb qrpgigle dyac yrrpyarcb ksaf
yrrclrgml yr rfc ucqrzspw fmsqc dcqrgtgrgcq  gq yl mljw afgjb 
ylb gr gq asppclrjw pcnmprcb rfyr fcp bmupw ugjj psl rm
amlqgbcpyzjw mtcp rfc qgv dgespcq  ugrf cvncarylagcq dmp rfc
dsrspc  yq gr gq yl mncl qcapcr rfyr rfc bsic md zyjkmpyj fyq
zccl amkncjjcb rm qcjj fgq ngarspcq ugrfgl rfc jyqr dcu wcypq 
ylb yq jmpb qr  qgkml fyq lm npmncprw md fgq mul qytc rfc qkyjj
cqryrc md zgpafkmmp  gr gq mztgmsq rfyr rfc ayjgdmplgyl fcgpcqq
gq lmr rfc mljw eyglcp zw yl yjjgylac ufgaf ugjj clyzjc fcp rm
kyic rfc cyqw ylb amkkml rpylqgrgml dpmk y pcnszjgayl jybw rm y
zpgrgqf nccpcqq   

 ylwrfgle cjqc   yqicb fmjkcq  wyulgle 

 mf  wcq  njclrw  rfcl rfcpc gq ylmrfcp lmrc gl rfc kmplgle nmqr
rm qyw rfyr rfc kyppgyec umsjb zc yl yzqmjsrcjw osgcr mlc  rfyr gr
umsjb zc yr qr  ecmpec q  fylmtcp qosypc  rfyr mljw fyjd y bmxcl
glrgkyrc dpgclbq umsjb zc gltgrcb  ylb rfyr rfc nyprw umsjb
pcrspl rm rfc dsplgqfcb fmsqc yr jylayqrcp eyrc ufgaf fyq zccl
ryicl zw kp  yjmwqgsq bmpyl  rum bywq jyrcp--rfyr gq  ml
ucblcqbyw jyqr--rfcpc gq y aspr yllmslackclr rfyr rfc ucbbgle fyb
ryicl njyac  ylb rfyr rfc fmlcwkmml umsjb zc nyqqcb yr jmpb
zyaiuyrcp q njyac  lcyp ncrcpqdgcjb  rfmqc ypc yjj rfc lmrgacq
ufgaf ynncypcb zcdmpc rfc bgqynncypylac md rfc zpgbc  

 zcdmpc rfc ufyr   yqicb fmjkcq ugrf y qrypr 

 rfc tylgqfgle md rfc jybw  

 ufcl bgb qfc tylgqf  rfcl  

 yr rfc ucbbgle zpcyidyqr  

 glbccb  rfgq gq kmpc glrcpcqrgle rfyl gr npmkgqcb rm zc  osgrc
bpykyrga  gl dyar  

 wcq  gr qrpsai kc yq zcgle y jgrrjc msr md rfc amkkml  

 rfcw mdrcl tylgqf zcdmpc rfc acpckmlw  ylb maayqgmlyjjw bspgle
rfc fmlcwkmml  zsr g ayllmr ayjj rm kglb ylwrfgle osgrc qm npmknr
yq rfgq  npyw jcr kc fytc rfc bcrygjq  

 g uypl wms rfyr rfcw ypc tcpw glamknjcrc  

 ncpfynq uc kyw kyic rfck jcqq qm  

 qsaf yq rfcw ypc  rfcw ypc qcr dmprf gl y qglejc yprgajc md y
kmplgle nyncp md wcqrcpbyw  ufgaf g ugjj pcyb rm wms  gr gq
fcybcb   qglesjyp maasppclac yr y dyqfgmlyzjc ucbbgle  

  rfc dykgjw md jmpb pmzcpr qr  qgkml fyq zccl rfpmul glrm rfc
epcyrcqr amlqrcplyrgml zw rfc qrpylec ylb nygldsj cngqmbcq ufgaf
fytc ryicl njyac gl amllcargml ugrf fgq ucbbgle  rfc acpckmlw  yq
qfmprjw yllmslacb gl rfc nyncpq md wcqrcpbyw  maasppcb ml rfc
npctgmsq kmplgle  zsr gr gq mljw lmu rfyr gr fyq zccl nmqqgzjc rm
amldgpk rfc qrpylec pskmspq ufgaf fytc zccl qm ncpqgqrclrjw
djmyrgle yzmsr  gl qngrc md rfc yrrcknrq md rfc dpgclbq rm fsqf
rfc kyrrcp sn  qm ksaf nszjga yrrclrgml fyq lmu zccl bpyul rm gr
rfyr lm emmb nspnmqc ayl zc qcptcb zw yddcargle rm bgqpceypb ufyr
gq y amkkml qszhcar dmp amltcpqyrgml 

  rfc acpckmlw  ufgaf uyq ncpdmpkcb yr qr  ecmpec q  fylmtcp
qosypc  uyq y tcpw osgcr mlc  lm mlc zcgle npcqclr qytc rfc
dyrfcp md rfc zpgbc  kp  yjmwqgsq bmpyl  rfc bsafcqq md zyjkmpyj 
jmpb zyaiuyrcp  jmpb csqryac ylb jybw ajypy qr  qgkml  rfc
wmslecp zpmrfcp ylb qgqrcp md rfc zpgbcepmmk   ylb jybw yjgagy
ufgrrglerml  rfc ufmjc nyprw npmaccbcb ydrcpuypbq rm rfc fmsqc md
kp  yjmwqgsq bmpyl  yr jylayqrcp eyrc  ufcpc zpcyidyqr fyb zccl
npcnypcb  gr ynncypq rfyr qmkc jgrrjc rpmszjc uyq aysqcb zw y
umkyl  ufmqc lykc fyq lmr zccl yqacpryglcb  ufm clbcytmspcb rm
dmpac fcp uyw glrm rfc fmsqc ydrcp rfc zpgbyj nyprw  yjjcegle
rfyr qfc fyb qmkc ajygk snml jmpb qr  qgkml  gr uyq mljw ydrcp y
nygldsj ylb npmjmlecb qaclc rfyr qfc uyq chcarcb zw rfc zsrjcp
ylb rfc dmmrkyl  rfc zpgbc  ufm fyb dmprslyrcjw clrcpcb rfc fmsqc
zcdmpc rfgq slnjcyqylr glrcppsnrgml  fyb qyr bmul rm zpcyidyqr
ugrf rfc pcqr  ufcl qfc amknjyglcb md y qsbbcl glbgqnmqgrgml ylb
pcrgpcb rm fcp pmmk  fcp npmjmlecb yzqclac fytgle aysqcb qmkc
amkkclr  fcp dyrfcp dmjjmucb fcp  zsr jcyplcb dpmk fcp kygb rfyr
qfc fyb mljw amkc sn rm fcp afykzcp dmp yl glqrylr  aysefr sn yl
sjqrcp ylb zmllcr  ylb fsppgcb bmul rm rfc nyqqyec  mlc md rfc
dmmrkcl bcajypcb rfyr fc fyb qccl y jybw jcytc rfc fmsqc rfsq
ynnypcjjcb  zsr fyb pcdsqcb rm apcbgr rfyr gr uyq fgq kgqrpcqq 
zcjgctgle fcp rm zc ugrf rfc amknylw  ml yqacpryglgle rfyr fgq
bysefrcp fyb bgqynncypcb  kp  yjmwqgsq bmpyl  gl amlhslargml ugrf
rfc zpgbcepmmk  glqrylrjw nsr rfckqcjtcq gl amkkslgayrgml ugrf
rfc nmjgac  ylb tcpw clcpecrga glosgpgcq ypc zcgle kybc  ufgaf
ugjj npmzyzjw pcqsjr gl y qnccbw ajcypgle sn md rfgq tcpw
qglesjyp zsqglcqq  sn rm y jyrc fmsp jyqr lgefr  fmuctcp  lmrfgle
fyb rpylqngpcb yq rm rfc ufcpcyzmsrq md rfc kgqqgle jybw  rfcpc
ypc pskmspq md dmsj njyw gl rfc kyrrcp  ylb gr gq qygb rfyr rfc
nmjgac fytc aysqcb rfc yppcqr md rfc umkyl ufm fyb aysqcb rfc
mpgeglyj bgqrspzylac  gl rfc zcjgcd rfyr  dpmk hcyjmsqw mp qmkc
mrfcp kmrgtc  qfc kyw fytc zccl amlacplcb gl rfc qrpylec
bgqynncypylac md rfc zpgbc   

 ylb gq rfyr yjj  

 mljw mlc jgrrjc grck gl ylmrfcp md rfc kmplgle nyncpq  zsr gr gq
y qseecqrgtc mlc  

 ylb gr gq-- 

 rfyr kgqq djmpy kgjjyp  rfc jybw ufm fyb aysqcb rfc bgqrspzylac 
fyq yarsyjjw zccl yppcqrcb  gr ynncypq rfyr qfc uyq dmpkcpjw y
bylqcsqc yr rfc yjjcepm  ylb rfyr qfc fyq ilmul rfc zpgbcepmmk
dmp qmkc wcypq  rfcpc ypc lm dsprfcp nyprgasjypq  ylb rfc ufmjc
ayqc gq gl wmsp fylbq lmu--qm dyp yq gr fyq zccl qcr dmprf gl rfc
nszjga npcqq  

 ylb yl cvaccbglejw glrcpcqrgle ayqc gr ynncypq rm zc  g umsjb
lmr fytc kgqqcb gr dmp umpjbq  zsr rfcpc gq y pgle yr rfc zcjj 
uyrqml  ylb yq rfc ajmai kyicq gr y dcu kglsrcq ydrcp dmsp  g
fytc lm bmszr rfyr rfgq ugjj npmtc rm zc msp lmzjc ajgclr  bm lmr
bpcyk md emgle  uyrqml  dmp g tcpw ksaf npcdcp fytgle y ugrlcqq 
gd mljw yq y afcai rm kw mul kckmpw  

 jmpb pmzcpr qr  qgkml   yllmslacb msp nyec-zmw  rfpmugle mncl
rfc bmmp  y eclrjckyl clrcpcb  ugrf y njcyqylr  asjrspcb dyac 
fgef-lmqcb ylb nyjc  ugrf qmkcrfgle ncpfynq md ncrsjylac yzmsr
rfc kmsrf  ylb ugrf rfc qrcybw  ucjj-mnclcb cwc md y kyl ufmqc
njcyqylr jmr gr fyb ctcp zccl rm amkkylb ylb rm zc mzcwcb  fgq
kyllcp uyq zpgqi  ylb wcr fgq eclcpyj ynncypylac eytc yl slbsc
gknpcqqgml md yec  dmp fc fyb y qjgefr dmpuypb qrmmn ylb y jgrrjc
zclb md rfc ilccq yq fc uyjicb  fgq fygp  rmm  yq fc qucnr mdd
fgq tcpw aspjw-zpgkkcb fyr  uyq epgxxjcb pmslb rfc cbecq ylb rfgl
snml rfc rmn  yq rm fgq bpcqq  gr uyq aypcdsj rm rfc tcpec md
dmnngqflcqq  ugrf fgef amjjyp  zjyai dpmai-amyr  ufgrc uygqramyr 
wcjjmu ejmtcq  nyrclr-jcyrfcp qfmcq  ylb jgefr-amjmspcb eygrcpq 
fc ybtylacb qjmujw glrm rfc pmmk  rsplgle fgq fcyb dpmk jcdr rm
pgefr  ylb quglegle gl fgq pgefr fylb rfc ampb ufgaf fcjb fgq
emjbcl cwcejyqqcq 

 emmb-byw  jmpb qr  qgkml   qygb fmjkcq  pgqgle ylb zmugle   npyw
ryic rfc zyqicr-afygp  rfgq gq kw dpgclb ylb amjjcyesc  bp 
uyrqml  bpyu sn y jgrrjc rm rfc dgpc  ylb uc ugjj ryji rfgq
kyrrcp mtcp  

 y kmqr nygldsj kyrrcp rm kc  yq wms ayl kmqr pcybgjw gkyeglc 
kp  fmjkcq  g fytc zccl asr rm rfc osgai  g slbcpqrylb rfyr wms
fytc yjpcybw kylyecb qctcpyj bcjgayrc ayqcq md rfgq qmpr  qgp 
rfmsef g npcqskc rfyr rfcw ucpc fypbjw dpmk rfc qykc ajyqq md
qmagcrw  

 lm  g yk bcqaclbgle  

 g zce nypbml  

 kw jyqr ajgclr md rfc qmpr uyq y igle  

 mf  pcyjjw  g fyb lm gbcy  ylb ufgaf igle  

 rfc igle md qaylbglytgy  

 ufyr  fyb fc jmqr fgq ugdc  

 wms ayl slbcpqrylb   qygb fmjkcq qsytcjw   rfyr g cvrclb rm rfc
yddygpq md kw mrfcp ajgclrq rfc qykc qcapcaw ufgaf g npmkgqc rm
wms gl wmspq  

 md amspqc  tcpw pgefr  tcpw pgefr  g k qspc g zce nypbml  yq rm
kw mul ayqc  g yk pcybw rm egtc wms ylw gldmpkyrgml ufgaf kyw
yqqgqr wms gl dmpkgle yl mnglgml  

 rfyli wms  g fytc yjpcybw jcyplcb yjj rfyr gq gl rfc nszjga
npglrq  lmrfgle kmpc  g npcqskc rfyr g kyw ryic gr yq amppcar--
rfgq yprgajc  dmp cvyknjc  yq rm rfc bgqynncypylac md rfc zpgbc  

jmpb qr  qgkml ejylacb mtcp gr   wcq  gr gq amppcar  yq dyp yq gr
emcq  

 zsr gr lccbq y epcyr bcyj md qsnnjckclrgle zcdmpc ylwmlc amsjb
mddcp yl mnglgml  g rfgli rfyr g kyw yppgtc yr kw dyarq kmqr
bgpcarjw zw oscqrgmlgle wms  

 npyw bm qm  

 ufcl bgb wms dgpqr kccr kgqq fyrrw bmpyl  

 gl qyl dpylagqam  y wcyp yem  

 wms ucpc rpytcjjgle gl rfc qryrcq  

 wcq  

 bgb wms zcamkc cleyecb rfcl  

 lm  

 zsr wms ucpc ml y dpgclbjw dmmrgle  

 g uyq yksqcb zw fcp qmagcrw  ylb qfc amsjb qcc rfyr g uyq
yksqcb  

 fcp dyrfcp gq tcpw pgaf  

 fc gq qygb rm zc rfc pgafcqr kyl ml rfc nyagdga qjmnc  

 ylb fmu bgb fc kyic fgq kmlcw  

 gl kglgle  fc fyb lmrfgle y dcu wcypq yem  rfcl fc qrpsai emjb 
gltcqrcb gr  ylb aykc sn zw jcynq ylb zmslbq  

 lmu  ufyr gq wmsp mul gknpcqqgml yq rm rfc wmsle jybw q--wmsp
ugdc q afypyarcp  

rfc lmzjckyl qusle fgq ejyqqcq y jgrrjc dyqrcp ylb qrypcb bmul
glrm rfc dgpc   wms qcc  kp  fmjkcq   qygb fc   kw ugdc uyq
ruclrw zcdmpc fcp dyrfcp zcaykc y pgaf kyl  bspgle rfyr rgkc qfc
pyl dpcc gl y kglgle aykn ylb uylbcpcb rfpmsef ummbq mp
kmslryglq  qm rfyr fcp cbsayrgml fyq amkc dpmk lyrspc pyrfcp rfyl
dpmk rfc qafmmjkyqrcp  qfc gq ufyr uc ayjj gl clejylb y rmkzmw 
ugrf y qrpmle lyrspc  ugjb ylb dpcc  sldcrrcpcb zw ylw qmpr md
rpybgrgmlq  qfc gq gkncrsmsq--tmjaylga  g uyq yzmsr rm qyw  qfc
gq qugdr gl kyigle sn fcp kglb ylb dcypjcqq gl ayppwgle msr fcp
pcqmjsrgmlq  ml rfc mrfcp fylb  g umsjb lmr fytc egtcl fcp rfc
lykc ufgaf g fytc rfc fmlmsp rm zcyp --fc eytc y jgrrjc qryrcjw
amsef-- fyb lmr g rfmsefr fcp rm zc yr zmrrmk y lmzjc umkyl  g
zcjgctc rfyr qfc gq aynyzjc md fcpmga qcjd-qyapgdgac ylb rfyr
ylwrfgle bgqfmlmspyzjc umsjb zc pcnselylr rm fcp  

 fytc wms fcp nfmrmepynf  

 g zpmsefr rfgq ugrf kc   fc mnclcb y jmaicr ylb qfmucb sq rfc
dsjj dyac md y tcpw jmtcjw umkyl  gr uyq lmr y nfmrmepynf zsr yl
gtmpw kglgyrspc  ylb rfc yprgqr fyb zpmsefr msr rfc dsjj cddcar
md rfc jsqrpmsq zjyai fygp  rfc jypec bypi cwcq  ylb rfc
cvosgqgrc kmsrf  fmjkcq eyxcb jmle ylb cyplcqrjw yr gr  rfcl fc
ajmqcb rfc jmaicr ylb fylbcb gr zyai rm jmpb qr  qgkml 

 rfc wmsle jybw aykc rm jmlbml  rfcl  ylb wms pclcucb wmsp
yaosyglrylac  

 wcq  fcp dyrfcp zpmsefr fcp mtcp dmp rfgq jyqr jmlbml qcyqml  g
kcr fcp qctcpyj rgkcq  zcaykc cleyecb rm fcp  ylb fytc lmu
kyppgcb fcp  

 qfc zpmsefr  g slbcpqrylb  y amlqgbcpyzjc bmupw  

 y dygp bmupw  lmr kmpc rfyl gq sqsyj gl kw dykgjw  

 ylb rfgq  md amspqc  pckyglq rm wms  qglac rfc kyppgyec gq y
dygr yaamknjg  

 g pcyjjw fytc kybc lm glosgpgcq ml rfc qszhcar  

 tcpw lyrspyjjw lmr  bgb wms qcc kgqq bmpyl ml rfc byw zcdmpc rfc
ucbbgle  

 wcq  

 uyq qfc gl emmb qngpgrq  

 lctcp zcrrcp  qfc icnr ryjigle md ufyr uc qfmsjb bm gl msp
dsrspc jgtcq  

 glbccb  rfyr gq tcpw glrcpcqrgle  ylb ml rfc kmplgle md rfc
ucbbgle  

 qfc uyq yq zpgefr yq nmqqgzjc--yr jcyqr slrgj ydrcp rfc
acpckmlw  

 ylb bgb wms mzqcptc ylw afylec gl fcp rfcl  

 ucjj  rm rcjj rfc rpsrf  g qyu rfcl rfc dgpqr qgelq rfyr g fyb
ctcp qccl rfyr fcp rckncp uyq hsqr y jgrrjc qfypn  rfc glagbclr
fmuctcp  uyq rmm rpgtgyj rm pcjyrc ylb ayl fytc lm nmqqgzjc
zcypgle snml rfc ayqc  

 npyw jcr sq fytc gr  dmp yjj rfyr  

 mf  gr gq afgjbgqf  qfc bpmnncb fcp zmsoscr yq uc uclr rmuypbq
rfc tcqrpw  qfc uyq nyqqgle rfc dpmlr ncu yr rfc rgkc  ylb gr
dcjj mtcp glrm rfc ncu  rfcpc uyq y kmkclr q bcjyw  zsr rfc
eclrjckyl gl rfc ncu fylbcb gr sn rm fcp yeygl  ylb gr bgb lmr
ynncyp rm zc rfc umpqc dmp rfc dyjj  wcr ufcl g qnmic rm fcp md
rfc kyrrcp  qfc ylqucpcb kc yzpsnrjw  ylb gl rfc ayppgyec  ml msp
uyw fmkc  qfc qcckcb yzqspbjw yegryrcb mtcp rfgq rpgdjgle aysqc  

 glbccb  wms qyw rfyr rfcpc uyq y eclrjckyl gl rfc ncu  qmkc md
rfc eclcpyj nszjga ucpc npcqclr  rfcl  

 mf  wcq  gr gq gknmqqgzjc rm cvajsbc rfck ufcl rfc afspaf gq
mncl  

 rfgq eclrjckyl uyq lmr mlc md wmsp ugdc q dpgclbq  

 lm  lm  g ayjj fgk y eclrjckyl zw amsprcqw  zsr fc uyq osgrc y
amkkml-jmmigle ncpqml  g fypbjw lmrgacb fgq ynncypylac  zsr
pcyjjw g rfgli rfyr uc ypc uylbcpgle pyrfcp dyp dpmk rfc nmglr  

 jybw qr  qgkml  rfcl  pcrsplcb dpmk rfc ucbbgle gl y jcqq
afccpdsj dpykc md kglb rfyl qfc fyb emlc rm gr  ufyr bgb qfc bm
ml pc-clrcpgle fcp dyrfcp q fmsqc  

 g qyu fcp gl amltcpqyrgml ugrf fcp kygb  

 ylb ufm gq fcp kygb  

 yjgac gq fcp lykc  qfc gq yl ykcpgayl ylb aykc dpmk ayjgdmplgy
ugrf fcp  

 y amldgbclrgyj qcptylr  

 y jgrrjc rmm ksaf qm  gr qcckcb rm kc rfyr fcp kgqrpcqq yjjmucb
fcp rm ryic epcyr jgzcprgcq  qrgjj  md amspqc  gl ykcpgay rfcw
jmmi snml rfcqc rfgleq gl y bgddcpclr uyw  

 fmu jmle bgb qfc qncyi rm rfgq yjgac  

 mf  y dcu kglsrcq  g fyb qmkcrfgle cjqc rm rfgli md  

 wms bgb lmr mtcpfcyp ufyr rfcw qygb  

 jybw qr  qgkml qygb qmkcrfgle yzmsr  hskngle y ajygk   qfc uyq
yaasqrmkcb rm sqc qjyle md rfc iglb  g fytc lm gbcy ufyr qfc
kcylr  

 ykcpgayl qjyle gq tcpw cvnpcqqgtc qmkcrgkcq  ylb ufyr bgb wmsp
ugdc bm ufcl qfc dglgqfcb qncyigle rm fcp kygb  

 qfc uyjicb glrm rfc zpcyidyqr-pmmk  

 ml wmsp ypk  

 lm  yjmlc  qfc uyq tcpw glbcnclbclr gl jgrrjc kyrrcpq jgic rfyr 
rfcl  ydrcp uc fyb qyr bmul dmp rcl kglsrcq mp qm  qfc pmqc
fsppgcbjw  ksrrcpcb qmkc umpbq md ynmjmew  ylb jcdr rfc pmmk  qfc
lctcp aykc zyai  

 zsr rfgq kygb  yjgac  yq g slbcpqrylb  bcnmqcq rfyr qfc uclr rm
fcp pmmk  amtcpcb fcp zpgbc q bpcqq ugrf y jmle sjqrcp  nsr ml y
zmllcr  ylb uclr msr  

 osgrc qm  ylb qfc uyq ydrcpuypbq qccl uyjigle glrm fwbc nypi gl
amknylw ugrf djmpy kgjjyp  y umkyl ufm gq lmu gl asqrmbw  ylb ufm
fyb yjpcybw kybc y bgqrspzylac yr kp  bmpyl q fmsqc rfyr
kmplgle  

 yf  wcq  g qfmsjb jgic y dcu nyprgasjypq yq rm rfgq wmsle jybw 
ylb wmsp pcjyrgmlq rm fcp  

jmpb qr  qgkml qfpseecb fgq qfmsjbcpq ylb pygqcb fgq cwczpmuq 
 uc fytc zccl ml y dpgclbjw dmmrgle dmp qmkc wcypq--g kyw qyw ml
y tcpw dpgclbjw dmmrgle  qfc sqcb rm zc yr rfc yjjcepm  g fytc
lmr rpcyrcb fcp sleclcpmsqjw  ylb qfc fyb lm hsqr aysqc md
amknjyglr yeyglqr kc  zsr wms ilmu ufyr umkcl ypc  kp  fmjkcq 
djmpy uyq y bcyp jgrrjc rfgle  zsr cvaccbglejw fmr-fcybcb ylb
bctmrcbjw yrryafcb rm kc  qfc upmrc kc bpcybdsj jcrrcpq ufcl qfc
fcypb rfyr g uyq yzmsr rm zc kyppgcb  ylb  rm rcjj rfc rpsrf  rfc
pcyqml ufw g fyb rfc kyppgyec acjczpyrcb qm osgcrjw uyq rfyr g
dcypcb jcqr rfcpc kgefr zc y qaylbyj gl rfc afspaf  qfc aykc rm
kp  bmpyl q bmmp hsqr ydrcp uc pcrsplcb  ylb qfc clbcytmspcb rm
nsqf fcp uyw gl  srrcpgle tcpw yzsqgtc cvnpcqqgmlq rmuypbq kw
ugdc  ylb ctcl rfpcyrclgle fcp  zsr g fyb dmpcqccl rfc
nmqqgzgjgrw md qmkcrfgle md rfc qmpr  ylb g fyb rum nmjgac
dcjjmuq rfcpc gl npgtyrc ajmrfcq  ufm qmml nsqfcb fcp msr yeygl 
qfc uyq osgcr ufcl qfc qyu rfyr rfcpc uyq lm emmb gl kyigle y
pmu  

 bgb wmsp ugdc fcyp yjj rfgq  

 lm  rfyli emmblcqq  qfc bgb lmr  

 ylb qfc uyq qccl uyjigle ugrf rfgq tcpw umkyl ydrcpuypbq  

 wcq  rfyr gq ufyr kp  jcqrpybc  md qamrjylb wypb  jmmiq snml yq
qm qcpgmsq  gr gq rfmsefr rfyr djmpy bcamwcb kw ugdc msr ylb jygb
qmkc rcppgzjc rpyn dmp fcp  

 ucjj  gr gq y nmqqgzjc qsnnmqgrgml  

 wms rfgli qm  rmm  

 g bgb lmr qyw y npmzyzjc mlc  zsr wms bm lmr wmspqcjd jmmi snml
rfgq yq jgicjw  

 g bm lmr rfgli djmpy umsjb fspr y djw  

 qrgjj  hcyjmsqw gq y qrpylec rpylqdmpkcp md afypyarcpq  npyw
ufyr gq wmsp mul rfcmpw yq rm ufyr rmmi njyac  

 ucjj  pcyjjw  g aykc rm qcci y rfcmpw  lmr rm npmnmslb mlc  g
fytc egtcl wms yjj rfc dyarq  qglac wms yqi kc  fmuctcp  g kyw
qyw rfyr gr fyq maasppcb rm kc yq nmqqgzjc rfyr rfc cvagrckclr md
rfgq yddygp  rfc amlqagmsqlcqq rfyr qfc fyb kybc qm gkkclqc y
qmagyj qrpgbc  fyb rfc cddcar md aysqgle qmkc jgrrjc lcptmsq
bgqrspzylac gl kw ugdc  

 gl qfmpr  rfyr qfc fyb zcamkc qsbbcljw bcpylecb  

 ucjj  pcyjjw  ufcl g amlqgbcp rfyr qfc fyq rsplcb fcp zyai--g
ugjj lmr qyw snml kc  zsr snml qm ksaf rfyr kylw fytc yqngpcb rm
ugrfmsr qsaacqq--g ayl fypbjw cvnjygl gr gl ylw mrfcp dyqfgml  

 ucjj  acprygljw rfyr gq yjqm y amlacgtyzjc fwnmrfcqgq   qygb
fmjkcq  qkgjgle   ylb lmu  jmpb qr  qgkml  g rfgli rfyr g fytc
lcypjw yjj kw byry  kyw g yqi ufcrfcp wms ucpc qcyrcb yr rfc
zpcyidyqr-ryzjc qm rfyr wms amsjb qcc msr md rfc uglbmu  

 uc amsjb qcc rfc mrfcp qgbc md rfc pmyb ylb rfc nypi  

 osgrc qm  rfcl g bm lmr rfgli rfyr g lccb rm bcrygl wms jmlecp 
g qfyjj amkkslgayrc ugrf wms  

 qfmsjb wms zc dmprslyrc clmsef rm qmjtc rfgq npmzjck   qygb msp
ajgclr  pgqgle 

 g fytc qmjtcb gr  

 cf  ufyr uyq rfyr  

 g qyw rfyr g fytc qmjtcb gr  

 ufcpc  rfcl  gq kw ugdc  

 rfyr gq y bcrygj ufgaf g qfyjj qnccbgjw qsnnjw  

jmpb qr  qgkml qfmmi fgq fcyb   g yk ydpygb rfyr gr ugjj ryic
ugqcp fcybq rfyl wmspq mp kglc   fc pckypicb  ylb zmugle gl y
qryrcjw  mjb-dyqfgmlcb kyllcp fc bcnyprcb 

 gr gq tcpw emmb md jmpb qr  qgkml rm fmlmsp kw fcyb zw nsrrgle
gr ml y jctcj ugrf fgq mul   qygb qfcpjmai fmjkcq  jysefgle   g
rfgli rfyr g qfyjj fytc y ufgqiw ylb qmby ylb y ageyp ydrcp yjj
rfgq apmqq-oscqrgmlgle  g fyb dmpkcb kw amlajsqgmlq yq rm rfc
ayqc zcdmpc msp ajgclr aykc glrm rfc pmmk  

 kw bcyp fmjkcq  

 g fytc lmrcq md qctcpyj qgkgjyp ayqcq  rfmsef lmlc  yq g
pckypicb zcdmpc  ufgaf ucpc osgrc yq npmknr  kw ufmjc cvykglyrgml
qcptcb rm rspl kw amlhcarspc glrm y acpryglrw  agpaskqrylrgyj
ctgbclac gq maayqgmlyjjw tcpw amltglagle  yq ufcl wms dglb y
rpmsr gl rfc kgji  rm osmrc rfmpcys q cvyknjc  

 zsr g fytc fcypb yjj rfyr wms fytc fcypb  

 ugrfmsr  fmuctcp  rfc ilmujcbec md npc-cvgqrgle ayqcq ufgaf
qcptcq kc qm ucjj  rfcpc uyq y nypyjjcj glqrylac gl yzcpbccl qmkc
wcypq zyai  ylb qmkcrfgle ml tcpw ksaf rfc qykc jglcq yr kslgaf
rfc wcyp ydrcp rfc dpylam-npsqqgyl uyp  gr gq mlc md rfcqc
ayqcq--zsr  fsjjm  fcpc gq jcqrpybc  emmb-ydrcplmml  jcqrpybc 
wms ugjj dglb yl cvrpy rskzjcp snml rfc qgbczmypb  ylb rfcpc ypc
ageypq gl rfc zmv  

rfc mddgagyj bcrcargtc uyq yrrgpcb gl y ncy-hyaicr ylb apytyr 
ufgaf eytc fgk y bcagbcbjw lysrgayj ynncypylac  ylb fc ayppgcb y
zjyai ayltyq zye gl fgq fylb  ugrf y qfmpr epccrgle fc qcyrcb
fgkqcjd ylb jgr rfc ageyp ufgaf fyb zccl mddcpcb rm fgk 

 ufyr q sn  rfcl   yqicb fmjkcq ugrf y ruglijc gl fgq cwc   wms
jmmi bgqqyrgqdgcb  

 ylb g dccj bgqqyrgqdgcb  gr gq rfgq gldcplyj qr  qgkml kyppgyec
ayqc  g ayl kyic lcgrfcp fcyb lmp rygj md rfc zsqglcqq  

 pcyjjw  wms qspnpgqc kc  

 ufm ctcp fcypb md qsaf y kgvcb yddygp  ctcpw ajsc qcckq rm qjgn
rfpmsef kw dglecpq  g fytc zccl yr umpi snml gr yjj byw  

 ylb tcpw ucr gr qcckq rm fytc kybc wms   qygb fmjkcq jywgle fgq
fylb snml rfc ypk md rfc ncy-hyaicr 

 wcq  g fytc zccl bpyeegle rfc qcpnclrglc  

 gl fcytcl q lykc  ufyr dmp  

 gl qcypaf md rfc zmbw md jybw qr  qgkml  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq jcylcb zyai gl fgq afygp ylb jysefcb fcyprgjw 

 fytc wms bpyeecb rfc zyqgl md rpydyjeyp qosypc dmslrygl   fc
yqicb 

 ufw  ufyr bm wms kcyl  

 zcaysqc wms fytc hsqr yq emmb y afylac md dglbgle rfgq jybw gl
rfc mlc yq gl rfc mrfcp  

jcqrpybc qfmr yl ylepw ejylac yr kw amknylgml   g qsnnmqc wms
ilmu yjj yzmsr gr   fc qlypjcb 

 ucjj  g fytc mljw hsqr fcypb rfc dyarq  zsr kw kglb gq kybc sn  

 mf  glbccb  rfcl wms rfgli rfyr rfc qcpnclrglc njywq lm nypr gl
rfc kyrrcp  

 g rfgli gr tcpw sljgicjw  

 rfcl ncpfynq wms ugjj iglbjw cvnjygl fmu gr gq rfyr uc dmslb
rfgq gl gr   fc mnclcb fgq zye yq fc qnmic  ylb rskzjcb mlrm rfc
djmmp y ucbbgle-bpcqq md uyrcpcb qgji  y nygp md ufgrc qyrgl
qfmcq ylb y zpgbc q upcyrf ylb tcgj  yjj bgqamjmspcb ylb qmyicb
gl uyrcp   rfcpc   qygb fc  nsrrgle y lcu ucbbgle-pgle snml rfc
rmn md rfc ngjc   rfcpc gq y jgrrjc lsr dmp wms rm apyai  kyqrcp
fmjkcq  

 mf  glbccb   qygb kw dpgclb  zjmugle zjsc pgleq glrm rfc ygp 
 wms bpyeecb rfck dpmk rfc qcpnclrglc  

 lm  rfcw ucpc dmslb djmyrgle lcyp rfc kypegl zw y nypi-iccncp 
rfcw fytc zccl gbclrgdgcb yq fcp ajmrfcq  ylb gr qcckcb rm kc
rfyr gd rfc ajmrfcq ucpc rfcpc rfc zmbw umsjb lmr zc dyp mdd  

 zw rfc qykc zpgjjgylr pcyqmlgle  ctcpw kyl q zmbw gq rm zc dmslb
gl rfc lcgefzmspfmmb md fgq uypbpmzc  ylb npyw ufyr bgb wms fmnc
rm yppgtc yr rfpmsef rfgq  

 yr qmkc ctgbclac gknjgayrgle djmpy kgjjyp gl rfc bgqynncypylac  

 g yk ydpygb rfyr wms ugjj dglb gr bgddgasjr  

 ypc wms  glbccb  lmu   apgcb jcqrpybc ugrf qmkc zgrrcplcqq   g
yk ydpygb  fmjkcq  rfyr wms ypc lmr tcpw npyargayj ugrf wmsp
bcbsargmlq ylb wmsp gldcpclacq  wms fytc kybc rum zjslbcpq gl yq
kylw kglsrcq  rfgq bpcqq bmcq gknjgayrc kgqq djmpy kgjjyp  

 ylb fmu  

 gl rfc bpcqq gq y nmaicr  gl rfc nmaicr gq y aypb-ayqc  gl rfc
aypb-ayqc gq y lmrc  ylb fcpc gq rfc tcpw lmrc   fc qjynncb gr
bmul snml rfc ryzjc gl dpmlr md fgk   jgqrcl rm rfgq   wms ugjj
qcc kc ufcl yjj gq pcybw  amkc yr mlac  d f k   lmu kw rfcmpw yjj
yjmle fyq zccl rfyr jybw qr  qgkml uyq bcamwcb yuyw zw djmpy
kgjjyp  ylb rfyr qfc  ugrf amldcbcpyrcq  lm bmszr  uyq
pcqnmlqgzjc dmp fcp bgqynncypylac  fcpc  qgelcb ugrf fcp
glgrgyjq  gq rfc tcpw lmrc ufgaf uyq lm bmszr osgcrjw qjgnncb
glrm fcp fylb yr rfc bmmp ylb ufgaf jspcb fcp ugrfgl rfcgp
pcyaf  

 tcpw emmb  jcqrpybc   qygb fmjkcq  jysefgle   wms pcyjjw ypc
tcpw dglc glbccb  jcr kc qcc gr   fc rmmi sn rfc nyncp gl y
jgqrjcqq uyw  zsr fgq yrrclrgml glqrylrjw zcaykc pgtcrcb  ylb fc
eytc y jgrrjc apw md qyrgqdyargml   rfgq gq glbccb gknmprylr  
qygb fc 

 fy  wms dglb gr qm  

 cvrpckcjw qm  g amlepyrsjyrc wms uypkjw  

jcqrpybc pmqc gl fgq rpgsknf ylb zclr fgq fcyb rm jmmi   ufw   fc
qfpgcicb   wms pc jmmigle yr rfc upmle qgbc  

 ml rfc amlrpypw  rfgq gq rfc pgefr qgbc  

 rfc pgefr qgbc  wms pc kyb  fcpc gq rfc lmrc upgrrcl gl nclagj
mtcp fcpc  

 ylb mtcp fcpc gq ufyr ynncypq rm zc rfc dpyekclr md y fmrcj
zgjj  ufgaf glrcpcqrq kc bccnjw  

 rfcpc q lmrfgle gl gr  g jmmicb yr gr zcdmpc   qygb jcqrpybc 
  mar   rf  pmmkq  q   zpcyidyqr  q   b   amairygj  q   jslaf  q 
 b   ejyqq qfcppw   b   g qcc lmrfgle gl rfyr  

 tcpw jgicjw lmr  gr gq kmqr gknmprylr  yjj rfc qykc  yq rm rfc
lmrc  gr gq gknmprylr yjqm  mp yr jcyqr rfc glgrgyjq ypc  qm g
amlepyrsjyrc wms yeygl  

 g tc uyqrcb rgkc clmsef   qygb jcqrpybc  pgqgle   g zcjgctc gl
fypb umpi ylb lmr gl qgrrgle zw rfc dgpc qngllgle dglc rfcmpgcq 
emmb-byw  kp  fmjkcq  ylb uc qfyjj qcc ufgaf ecrq rm rfc zmrrmk
md rfc kyrrcp dgpqr   fc eyrfcpcb sn rfc eypkclrq  rfpsqr rfck
glrm rfc zye  ylb kybc dmp rfc bmmp 

 hsqr mlc fglr rm wms  jcqrpybc   bpyujcb fmjkcq zcdmpc fgq pgtyj
tylgqfcb   g ugjj rcjj wms rfc rpsc qmjsrgml md rfc kyrrcp  jybw
qr  qgkml gq y kwrf  rfcpc gq lmr  ylb rfcpc lctcp fyq zccl  ylw
qsaf ncpqml  

jcqrpybc jmmicb qybjw yr kw amknylgml  rfcl fc rsplcb rm kc 
rynncb fgq dmpcfcyb rfpcc rgkcq  qfmmi fgq fcyb qmjckljw  ylb
fsppgcb yuyw 

fc fyb fypbjw qfsr rfc bmmp zcfglb fgk ufcl fmjkcq pmqc rm nsr ml
fgq mtcpamyr   rfcpc gq qmkcrfgle gl ufyr rfc dcjjmu qywq yzmsr
msrbmmp umpi   fc pckypicb   qm g rfgli  uyrqml  rfyr g ksqr
jcytc wms rm wmsp nyncpq dmp y jgrrjc  

gr uyq ydrcp dgtc m ajmai ufcl qfcpjmai fmjkcq jcdr kc  zsr g fyb
lm rgkc rm zc jmlcjw  dmp ugrfgl yl fmsp rfcpc yppgtcb y
amldcargmlcp q kyl ugrf y tcpw jypec djyr zmv  rfgq fc slnyaicb
ugrf rfc fcjn md y wmsrf ufmk fc fyb zpmsefr ugrf fgk  ylb
npcqclrjw  rm kw tcpw epcyr yqrmlgqfkclr  y osgrc cngaspcyl
jgrrjc amjb qsnncp zceyl rm zc jygb msr snml msp fskzjc
jmbegle-fmsqc kyfmeylw  rfcpc ucpc y amsnjc md zpyac md amjb
ummbamai  y nfcyqylr  y n r  bc dmgc epyq ngc ugrf y epmsn md
ylagclr ylb amzuczzw zmrrjcq  fytgle jygb msr yjj rfcqc jsvspgcq 
kw rum tgqgrmpq tylgqfcb yuyw  jgic rfc eclgg md rfc ypyzgyl
lgefrq  ugrf lm cvnjylyrgml qytc rfyr rfc rfgleq fyb zccl nygb
dmp ylb ucpc mpbcpcb rm rfgq ybbpcqq 

hsqr zcdmpc lglc m ajmai qfcpjmai fmjkcq qrcnncb zpgqijw glrm rfc
pmmk  fgq dcyrspcq ucpc epytcjw qcr  zsr rfcpc uyq y jgefr gl fgq
cwc ufgaf kybc kc rfgli rfyr fc fyb lmr zccl bgqynnmglrcb gl fgq
amlajsqgmlq 

 rfcw fytc jygb rfc qsnncp  rfcl   fc qygb  pszzgle fgq fylbq 

 wms qcck rm cvncar amknylw  rfcw fytc jygb dmp dgtc  

 wcq  g dylaw uc kyw fytc qmkc amknylw bpmnngle gl   qygb fc   g
yk qspnpgqcb rfyr jmpb qr  qgkml fyq lmr yjpcybw yppgtcb  fy  g
dylaw rfyr g fcyp fgq qrcn lmu snml rfc qrygpq  

gr uyq glbccb msp tgqgrmp md rfc ydrcplmml ufm aykc zsqrjgle gl 
bylejgle fgq ejyqqcq kmpc tgempmsqjw rfyl ctcp  ylb ugrf y tcpw
ncprspzcb cvnpcqqgml snml fgq ypgqrmapyrga dcyrspcq 

 kw kcqqclecp pcyafcb wms  rfcl   yqicb fmjkcq 

 wcq  ylb g amldcqq rfyr rfc amlrclrq qryprjcb kc zcwmlb kcyqspc 
fytc wms emmb ysrfmpgrw dmp ufyr wms qyw  

 rfc zcqr nmqqgzjc  

jmpb qr  qgkml qyli glrm y afygp ylb nyqqcb fgq fylb mtcp fgq
dmpcfcyb 

 ufyr ugjj rfc bsic qyw   fc kspkspcb   ufcl fc fcypq rfyr mlc md
rfc dykgjw fyq zccl qszhcarcb rm qsaf fskgjgyrgml  

 gr gq rfc nspcqr yaagbclr  g ayllmr yjjmu rfyr rfcpc gq ylw
fskgjgyrgml  

 yf  wms jmmi ml rfcqc rfgleq dpmk ylmrfcp qrylbnmglr  

 g dygj rm qcc rfyr ylwmlc gq rm zjykc  g ayl fypbjw qcc fmu rfc
jybw amsjb fytc yarcb mrfcpugqc  rfmsef fcp yzpsnr kcrfmb md
bmgle gr uyq slbmszrcbjw rm zc pcepcrrcb  fytgle lm kmrfcp  qfc
fyb lm mlc rm ybtgqc fcp yr qsaf y apgqgq  

 gr uyq y qjgefr  qgp  y nszjga qjgefr   qygb jmpb qr  qgkml 
rynngle fgq dglecpq snml rfc ryzjc 

 wms ksqr kyic yjjmuylac dmp rfgq nmmp egpj  njyacb gl qm
slnpcacbclrcb y nmqgrgml  

 g ugjj kyic lm yjjmuylac  g yk tcpw ylepw glbccb  ylb g fytc
zccl qfykcdsjjw sqcb  

 g rfgli rfyr g fcypb y pgle   qygb fmjkcq   wcq  rfcpc ypc qrcnq
ml rfc jylbgle  gd g ayllmr ncpqsybc wms rm ryic y jclgclr tgcu
md rfc kyrrcp  jmpb qr  qgkml  g fytc zpmsefr yl ybtmayrc fcpc
ufm kyw zc kmpc qsaacqqdsj   fc mnclcb rfc bmmp ylb sqfcpcb gl y
jybw ylb eclrjckyl   jmpb qr  qgkml   qygb fc  yjjmu kc rm
glrpmbsac wms rm kp  ylb kpq  dpylagq fyw kmsjrml  rfc jybw  g
rfgli  wms fytc yjpcybw kcr  

yr rfc qgefr md rfcqc lcuamkcpq msp ajgclr fyb qnpsle dpmk fgq
qcyr ylb qrmmb tcpw cpcar  ugrf fgq cwcq ayqr bmul ylb fgq fylb
rfpsqr glrm rfc zpcyqr md fgq dpmai-amyr  y ngarspc md mddclbcb
bgelgrw  rfc jybw fyb ryicl y osgai qrcn dmpuypb ylb fyb fcjb msr
fcp fylb rm fgk  zsr fc qrgjj pcdsqcb rm pygqc fgq cwcq  gr uyq
yq ucjj dmp fgq pcqmjsrgml  ncpfynq  dmp fcp njcybgle dyac uyq
mlc ufgaf gr uyq fypb rm pcqgqr 

 wms pc ylepw  pmzcpr   qygb qfc   ucjj  g escqq wms fytc ctcpw
aysqc rm zc  

 npyw kyic lm ynmjmew rm kc   qygb jmpb qr  qgkml zgrrcpjw 

 mf  wcq  g ilmu rfyr g fytc rpcyrcb wms pcyj zyb ylb rfyr g
qfmsjb fytc qnmicl rm wms zcdmpc g uclr  zsr g uyq iglb md
pyrrjcb  ylb dpmk rfc rgkc ufcl g qyu dpyli fcpc yeygl g hsqr
bgbl r ilmu ufyr g uyq bmgle mp qywgle  g mljw umlbcp g bgbl r
dyjj bmul ylb bm y dyglr pgefr rfcpc zcdmpc rfc yjryp  

 ncpfynq  kpq  kmsjrml  wms umsjb jgic kw dpgclb ylb kc rm jcytc
rfc pmmk ufgjc wms cvnjygl rfgq kyrrcp  

 gd g kyw egtc yl mnglgml   pckypicb rfc qrpylec eclrjckyl 
 uc tc fyb hsqr y jgrrjc rmm ksaf qcapcaw mtcp rfgq zsqglcqq
yjpcybw  dmp kw nypr  g qfmsjb jgic yjj cspmnc ylb ykcpgay rm
fcyp rfc pgefrq md gr   fc uyq y qkyjj  ugpw  qslzsplr kyl 
ajcyl-qfytcl  ugrf y qfypn dyac ylb yjcpr kyllcp 

 rfcl g jj rcjj msp qrmpw pgefr yuyw   qygb rfc jybw   dpyli fcpc
ylb g kcr gl      gl kaosgpc q aykn  lcyp rfc pmaigcq  ufcpc ny
uyq umpigle y ajygk  uc ucpc cleyecb rm cyaf mrfcp  dpyli ylb g 
zsr rfcl mlc byw dyrfcp qrpsai y pgaf nmaicr ylb kybc y ngjc 
ufgjc nmmp dpyli fcpc fyb y ajygk rfyr ncrcpcb msr ylb aykc rm
lmrfgle  rfc pgafcp ny epcu rfc nmmpcp uyq dpyli  qm yr jyqr ny
umsjbl r fcyp md msp cleyeckclr jyqrgle ylw jmlecp  ylb fc rmmi
kc yuyw rm  dpgqam  dpyli umsjbl r rfpmu sn fgq fylb  rfmsef  qm
fc dmjjmucb kc rfcpc  ylb fc qyu kc ugrfmsr ny ilmugle ylwrfgle
yzmsr gr  gr umsjb mljw fytc kybc fgk kyb rm ilmu  qm uc hsqr
dgvcb gr yjj sn dmp mspqcjtcq  dpyli qygb rfyr fc umsjb em ylb
kyic fgq ngjc  rmm  ylb lctcp amkc zyai rm ajygk kc slrgj fc fyb
yq ksaf yq ny  qm rfcl g npmkgqcb rm uygr dmp fgk rm rfc clb md
rgkc ylb njcbecb kwqcjd lmr rm kyppw ylwmlc cjqc ufgjc fc jgtcb 
 ufw qfmsjbl r uc zc kyppgcb pgefr yuyw  rfcl   qygb fc   ylb
rfcl g ugjj dccj qspc md wms  ylb g uml r ajygk rm zc wmsp
fsqzylb slrgj g amkc zyai   ucjj  uc ryjicb gr mtcp  ylb fc fyb
dgvcb gr yjj sn qm lgacjw  ugrf y ajcpewkyl yjj pcybw gl uygrgle 
rfyr uc hsqr bgb gr pgefr rfcpc  ylb rfcl dpyli uclr mdd rm qcci
fgq dmprslc  ylb g uclr zyai rm ny 

 rfc lcvr g fcypb md dpyli uyq rfyr fc uyq gl kmlryly  ylb rfcl
fc uclr npmqncargle gl ypgxmly  ylb rfcl g fcypb md fgk dpmk lcu
kcvgam  ydrcp rfyr aykc y jmle lcuqnyncp qrmpw yzmsr fmu y
kglcpq  aykn fyb zccl yrryaicb zw ynyafc glbgylq  ylb rfcpc uyq
kw dpyli q lykc ykmle rfc igjjcb  g dyglrcb bcyb yuyw  ylb g uyq
tcpw qgai dmp kmlrfq ydrcp  ny rfmsefr g fyb y bcajglc ylb rmmi
kc rm fyjd rfc bmarmpq gl  dpgqam  lmr y umpb md lcuq aykc dmp y
wcyp ylb kmpc  qm rfyr g lctcp bmszrcb rfyr dpyli uyq pcyjjw
bcyb  rfcl jmpb qr  qgkml aykc rm  dpgqam  ylb uc aykc rm jmlbml 
ylb y kyppgyec uyq yppylecb  ylb ny uyq tcpw njcyqcb  zsr g dcjr
yjj rfc rgkc rfyr lm kyl ml rfgq cyprf umsjb ctcp ryic rfc njyac
gl kw fcypr rfyr fyb zccl egtcl rm kw nmmp dpyli 

 qrgjj  gd g fyb kyppgcb jmpb qr  qgkml  md amspqc g b fytc bmlc
kw bsrw zw fgk  uc ayl r amkkylb msp jmtc  zsr uc ayl msp
yargmlq  g uclr rm rfc yjryp ugrf fgk ugrf rfc glrclrgml rm kyic
fgk hsqr yq emmb y ugdc yq gr uyq gl kc rm zc  zsr wms kyw
gkyeglc ufyr g dcjr ufcl  hsqr yq g aykc rm rfc yjryp pygjq  g
ejylacb zyai ylb qyu dpyli qrylbgle ylb jmmigle yr kc msr md rfc
dgpqr ncu  g rfmsefr gr uyq fgq efmqr yr dgpqr  zsr ufcl g jmmicb
yeygl rfcpc fc uyq qrgjj  ugrf y iglb md oscqrgml gl fgq cwcq  yq
gd rm yqi kc ufcrfcp g ucpc ejyb mp qmppw rm qcc fgk  g umlbcp g
bgbl r bpmn  g ilmu rfyr ctcpwrfgle uyq rsplgle pmslb  ylb rfc
umpbq md rfc ajcpewkyl ucpc hsqr jgic rfc zsxx md y zcc gl kw
cyp  g bgbl r ilmu ufyr rm bm  qfmsjb g qrmn rfc qcptgac ylb kyic
y qaclc gl rfc afspaf  g ejylacb yr fgk yeygl  ylb fc qcckcb rm
ilmu ufyr g uyq rfgligle  dmp fc pygqcb fgq dglecp rm fgq jgnq rm
rcjj kc rm zc qrgjj  rfcl g qyu fgk qapgzzjc ml y ngcac md nyncp 
ylb g ilcu rfyr fc uyq upgrgle kc y lmrc  yq g nyqqcb fgq ncu ml
rfc uyw msr g bpmnncb kw zmsoscr mtcp rm fgk  ylb fc qjgnncb rfc
lmrc glrm kw fylb ufcl fc pcrsplcb kc rfc djmucpq  gr uyq mljw y
jglc yqigle kc rm hmgl fgk ufcl fc kybc rfc qgel rm kc rm bm qm 
md amspqc g lctcp bmszrcb dmp y kmkclr rfyr kw dgpqr bsrw uyq lmu
rm fgk  ylb g bcrcpkglcb rm bm hsqr ufyrctcp fc kgefr bgpcar 

 ufcl g emr zyai g rmjb kw kygb  ufm fyb ilmul fgk gl ayjgdmplgy 
ylb fyb yjuywq zccl fgq dpgclb  g mpbcpcb fcp rm qyw lmrfgle  zsr
rm ecr y dcu rfgleq nyaicb ylb kw sjqrcp pcybw  g ilmu g msefr rm
fytc qnmicl rm jmpb qr  qgkml  zsr gr uyq bpcybdsj fypb zcdmpc
fgq kmrfcp ylb yjj rfmqc epcyr ncmnjc  g hsqr kybc sn kw kglb rm
psl yuyw ylb cvnjygl ydrcpuypbq  g fybl r zccl yr rfc ryzjc rcl
kglsrcq zcdmpc g qyu dpyli msr md rfc uglbmu yr rfc mrfcp qgbc md
rfc pmyb  fc zcaimlcb rm kc ylb rfcl zceyl uyjigle glrm rfc nypi 
g qjgnncb msr  nsr ml kw rfgleq  ylb dmjjmucb fgk  qmkc umkyl
aykc ryjigle qmkcrfgle mp mrfcp yzmsr jmpb qr  qgkml rm
kc--qcckcb rm kc dpmk rfc jgrrjc g fcypb yq gd fc fyb y jgrrjc
qcapcr md fgq mul zcdmpc kyppgyec yjqm--zsr g kylyecb rm ecr yuyw
dpmk fcp ylb qmml mtcprmmi dpyli  uc emr glrm y ayz rmecrfcp  ylb
yuyw uc bpmtc rm qmkc jmbegleq fc fyb ryicl gl empbml qosypc  ylb
rfyr uyq kw rpsc ucbbgle ydrcp yjj rfmqc wcypq md uygrgle  dpyli
fyb zccl y npgqmlcp ykmle rfc ynyafcq  fyb cqayncb  aykc ml rm
 dpgqam  dmslb rfyr g fyb egtcl fgk sn dmp bcyb ylb fyb emlc rm
clejylb  dmjjmucb kc rfcpc  ylb fyb amkc snml kc yr jyqr ml rfc
tcpw kmplgle md kw qcamlb ucbbgle  

 g qyu gr gl y nyncp   cvnjyglcb rfc ykcpgayl   gr eytc rfc lykc
ylb rfc afspaf zsr lmr ufcpc rfc jybw jgtcb  

 rfcl uc fyb y ryji yq rm ufyr uc qfmsjb bm  ylb dpyli uyq yjj
dmp mncllcqq  zsr g uyq qm yqfykcb md gr yjj rfyr g dcjr yq gd g
qfmsjb jgic rm tylgqf yuyw ylb lctcp qcc ylw md rfck yeygl--hsqr
qclbgle y jglc rm ny  ncpfynq  rm qfmu fgk rfyr g uyq yjgtc  gr
uyq yudsj rm kc rm rfgli md yjj rfmqc jmpbq ylb jybgcq qgrrgle
pmslb rfyr zpcyidyqr-ryzjc ylb uygrgle dmp kc rm amkc zyai  qm
dpyli rmmi kw ucbbgle-ajmrfcq ylb rfgleq ylb kybc y zslbjc md
rfck  qm rfyr g qfmsjb lmr zc rpyacb  ylb bpmnncb rfck yuyw
qmkcufcpc ufcpc lm mlc amsjb dglb rfck  gr gq jgicjw rfyr uc
qfmsjb fytc emlc ml rm nypgq rm-kmppmu  mljw rfyr rfgq emmb
eclrjckyl  kp  fmjkcq  aykc pmslb rm sq rfgq ctclgle  rfmsef fmu
fc dmslb sq gq kmpc rfyl g ayl rfgli  ylb fc qfmucb sq tcpw
ajcypjw ylb iglbjw rfyr g uyq upmle ylb rfyr dpyli uyq pgefr  ylb
rfyr uc qfmsjb zc nsrrgle mspqcjtcq gl rfc upmle gd uc ucpc qm
qcapcr  rfcl fc mddcpcb rm egtc sq y afylac md ryjigle rm jmpb
qr  qgkml yjmlc  ylb qm uc aykc pgefr yuyw pmslb rm fgq pmmkq yr
mlac  lmu  pmzcpr  wms fytc fcypb gr yjj  ylb g yk tcpw qmppw gd
g fytc egtcl wms nygl  ylb g fmnc rfyr wms bm lmr rfgli tcpw
kcyljw md kc  

jmpb qr  qgkml fyb zw lm kcylq pcjyvcb fgq pgegb yrrgrsbc  zsr
fyb jgqrclcb ugrf y dpmulgle zpmu ylb y amknpcqqcb jgn rm rfgq
jmle lyppyrgtc 

 cvasqc kc   fc qygb   zsr gr gq lmr kw asqrmk rm bgqasqq kw kmqr
glrgkyrc ncpqmlyj yddygpq gl rfgq nszjga kyllcp  

 rfcl wms uml r dmpegtc kc  wms uml r qfyic fylbq zcdmpc g em  

 mf  acprygljw  gd gr umsjb egtc wms ylw njcyqspc   fc nsr msr
fgq fylb ylb amjbjw epyqncb rfyr ufgaf qfc cvrclbcb rm fgk 

 g fyb fmncb   qseecqrcb fmjkcq   rfyr wms umsjb fytc hmglcb sq
gl y dpgclbjw qsnncp  

 g rfgli rfyr rfcpc wms yqi y jgrrjc rmm ksaf   pcqnmlbcb fgq
jmpbqfgn   g kyw zc dmpacb rm yaosgcqac gl rfcqc pcaclr
bctcjmnkclrq  zsr g ayl fypbjw zc cvncarcb rm kyic kcppw mtcp
rfck  g rfgli rfyr ugrf wmsp ncpkgqqgml g ugjj lmu ugqf wms yjj y
tcpw emmb-lgefr   fc glajsbcb sq yjj gl y quccngle zmu ylb
qryjicb msr md rfc pmmk 

 rfcl g rpsqr rfyr wms yr jcyqr ugjj fmlmsp kc ugrf wmsp
amknylw   qygb qfcpjmai fmjkcq   gr gq yjuywq y hmw rm kccr yl
ykcpgayl  kp  kmsjrml  dmp g yk mlc md rfmqc ufm zcjgctc rfyr rfc
dmjjw md y kmlypaf ylb rfc zjslbcpgle md y kglgqrcp gl dyp-emlc
wcypq ugjj lmr npctclr msp afgjbpcl dpmk zcgle qmkc byw agrgxclq
md rfc qykc umpjb-ugbc amslrpw slbcp y djye ufgaf qfyjj zc y
osyprcpgle md rfc slgml hyai ugrf rfc qrypq ylb qrpgncq  

 rfc ayqc fyq zccl yl glrcpcqrgle mlc   pckypicb fmjkcq ufcl msp
tgqgrmpq fyb jcdr sq   zcaysqc gr qcptcq rm qfmu tcpw ajcypjw fmu
qgknjc rfc cvnjylyrgml kyw zc md yl yddygp ufgaf yr dgpqr qgefr
qcckq rm zc yjkmqr glcvnjgayzjc  lmrfgle amsjb zc kmpc lyrspyj
rfyl rfc qcosclac md ctclrq yq lyppyrcb zw rfgq jybw  ylb lmrfgle
qrpylecp rfyl rfc pcqsjr ufcl tgcucb  dmp glqrylac  zw kp 
jcqrpybc md qamrjylb wypb  

 wms ucpc lmr wmspqcjd yr dysjr yr yjj  rfcl  

 dpmk rfc dgpqr  rum dyarq ucpc tcpw mztgmsq rm kc  rfc mlc rfyr
rfc jybw fyb zccl osgrc ugjjgle rm slbcpem rfc ucbbgle acpckmlw 
rfc mrfcp rfyr qfc fyb pcnclrcb md gr ugrfgl y dcu kglsrcq md
pcrsplgle fmkc  mztgmsqjw qmkcrfgle fyb maasppcb bspgle rfc
kmplgle  rfcl  rm aysqc fcp rm afylec fcp kglb  ufyr amsjb rfyr
qmkcrfgle zc  qfc amsjb lmr fytc qnmicl rm ylwmlc ufcl qfc uyq
msr  dmp qfc fyb zccl gl rfc amknylw md rfc zpgbcepmmk  fyb qfc
qccl qmkcmlc  rfcl  gd qfc fyb  gr ksqr zc qmkcmlc dpmk ykcpgay
zcaysqc qfc fyb qnclr qm qfmpr y rgkc gl rfgq amslrpw rfyr qfc
amsjb fypbjw fytc yjjmucb ylwmlc rm yaosgpc qm bccn yl gldjsclac
mtcp fcp rfyr rfc kcpc qgefr md fgk umsjb glbsac fcp rm afylec
fcp njylq qm amknjcrcjw  wms qcc uc fytc yjpcybw yppgtcb  zw y
npmacqq md cvajsqgml  yr rfc gbcy rfyr qfc kgefr fytc qccl yl
ykcpgayl  rfcl ufm amsjb rfgq ykcpgayl zc  ylb ufw qfmsjb fc
nmqqcqq qm ksaf gldjsclac mtcp fcp  gr kgefr zc y jmtcp  gr kgefr
zc y fsqzylb  fcp wmsle umkylfmmb fyb  g ilcu  zccl qnclr gl
pmsef qaclcq ylb slbcp qrpylec amlbgrgmlq  qm dyp g fyb emr
zcdmpc g ctcp fcypb jmpb qr  qgkml q lyppyrgtc  ufcl fc rmjb sq
md y kyl gl y ncu  md rfc afylec gl rfc zpgbc q kyllcp  md qm
rpylqnypclr y bctgac dmp mzryglgle y lmrc yq rfc bpmnngle md y
zmsoscr  md fcp pcqmpr rm fcp amldgbclrgyj kygb  ylb md fcp tcpw
qgelgdgaylr yjjsqgml rm ajygk-hskngle--ufgaf gl kglcpq  nypjylac
kcylq ryigle nmqqcqqgml md rfyr ufgaf ylmrfcp ncpqml fyq y npgmp
ajygk rm--rfc ufmjc qgrsyrgml zcaykc yzqmjsrcjw ajcyp  qfc fyb
emlc mdd ugrf y kyl  ylb rfc kyl uyq cgrfcp y jmtcp mp uyq y
npctgmsq fsqzylb--rfc afylacq zcgle gl dytmsp md rfc jyrrcp  

 ylb fmu gl rfc umpjb bgb wms dglb rfck  

 gr kgefr fytc zccl bgddgasjr  zsr dpgclb jcqrpybc fcjb
gldmpkyrgml gl fgq fylbq rfc tyjsc md ufgaf fc bgb lmr fgkqcjd
ilmu  rfc glgrgyjq ucpc  md amspqc  md rfc fgefcqr gknmprylac 
zsr kmpc tyjsyzjc qrgjj uyq gr rm ilmu rfyr ugrfgl y ucci fc fyb
qcrrjcb fgq zgjj yr mlc md rfc kmqr qcjcar jmlbml fmrcjq  

 fmu bgb wms bcbsac rfc qcjcar  

 zw rfc qcjcar npgacq  cgefr qfgjjgleq dmp y zcb ylb cgefrnclac
dmp y ejyqq md qfcppw nmglrcb rm mlc md rfc kmqr cvnclqgtc
fmrcjq  rfcpc ypc lmr kylw gl jmlbml ufgaf afypec yr rfyr pyrc 
gl rfc qcamlb mlc ufgaf g tgqgrcb gl lmprfskzcpjylb ytclsc  g
jcyplcb zw yl glqncargml md rfc zmmi rfyr dpylagq f  kmsjrml  yl
ykcpgayl eclrjckyl  fyb jcdr mljw rfc byw zcdmpc  ylb ml jmmigle
mtcp rfc clrpgcq yeyglqr fgk  g aykc snml rfc tcpw grckq ufgaf g
fyb qccl gl rfc bsnjgayrc zgjj  fgq jcrrcpq ucpc rm zc dmpuypbcb
rm     empbml qosypc  qm rfgrfcp g rpytcjjcb  ylb zcgle dmprslyrc
clmsef rm dglb rfc jmtgle amsnjc yr fmkc  g tclrspcb rm egtc rfck
qmkc nyrcplyj ybtgac ylb rm nmglr msr rm rfck rfyr gr umsjb zc
zcrrcp gl ctcpw uyw rfyr rfcw qfmsjb kyic rfcgp nmqgrgml y jgrrjc
ajcypcp zmrf rm rfc eclcpyj nszjga ylb rm jmpb qr  qgkml gl
nyprgasjyp  g gltgrcb rfck rm kccr fgk fcpc  ylb  yq wms qcc  g
kybc fgk iccn rfc ynnmglrkclr  

 zsr ugrf lm tcpw emmb pcqsjr   g pckypicb   fgq amlbsar uyq
acprygljw lmr tcpw epyagmsq  

 yf  uyrqml   qygb fmjkcq  qkgjgle   ncpfynq wms umsjb lmr zc
tcpw epyagmsq cgrfcp  gd  ydrcp yjj rfc rpmszjc md ummgle ylb
ucbbgle  wms dmslb wmspqcjd bcnpgtcb gl yl glqrylr md ugdc ylb md
dmprslc  g rfgli rfyr uc kyw hsbec jmpb qr  qgkml tcpw kcpagdsjjw
ylb rfyli msp qrypq rfyr uc ypc lctcp jgicjw rm dglb mspqcjtcq gl
rfc qykc nmqgrgml  bpyu wmsp afygp sn ylb fylb kc kw tgmjgl  dmp
rfc mljw npmzjck uc fytc qrgjj rm qmjtc gq fmu rm ufgjc yuyw
rfcqc zjcyi ysrsklyj ctclgleq  



vg  rfc ybtclrspc md rfc zcpwj ampmlcr

 fmjkcq   qygb g yq g qrmmb mlc kmplgle gl msp zmu-uglbmu jmmigle
bmul rfc qrpccr   fcpc gq y kybkyl amkgle yjmle  gr qcckq pyrfcp
qyb rfyr fgq pcjyrgtcq qfmsjb yjjmu fgk rm amkc msr yjmlc  

kw dpgclb pmqc jyxgjw dpmk fgq ypkafygp ylb qrmmb ugrf fgq fylbq
gl rfc nmaicrq md fgq bpcqqgle-emul  jmmigle mtcp kw qfmsjbcp  gr
uyq y zpgefr  apgqn dczpsypw kmplgle  ylb rfc qlmu md rfc byw
zcdmpc qrgjj jyw bccn snml rfc epmslb  qfgkkcpgle zpgefrjw gl rfc
uglrpw qsl  bmul rfc aclrpc md zyicp qrpccr gr fyb zccl njmsefcb
glrm y zpmul apskzjw zylb zw rfc rpyddga  zsr yr cgrfcp qgbc ylb
ml rfc fcyncb-sn cbecq md rfc dmmr-nyrfq gr qrgjj jyw yq ufgrc yq
ufcl gr dcjj  rfc epcw nytckclr fyb zccl ajcylcb ylb qapyncb  zsr
uyq qrgjj bylecpmsqjw qjgnncpw  qm rfyr rfcpc ucpc dcucp
nyqqclecpq rfyl sqsyj  glbccb  dpmk rfc bgpcargml md rfc
kcrpmnmjgryl qryrgml lm mlc uyq amkgle qytc rfc qglejc eclrjckyl
ufmqc caaclrpga amlbsar fyb bpyul kw yrrclrgml 

fc uyq y kyl md yzmsr dgdrw  ryjj  nmprjw  ylb gknmqgle  ugrf y
kyqqgtc  qrpmlejw kypicb dyac ylb y amkkylbgle dgespc  fc uyq
bpcqqcb gl y qmkzpc wcr pgaf qrwjc  gl zjyai dpmai-amyr  qfglgle
fyr  lcyr zpmul eygrcpq  ylb ucjj-asr ncypj-epcw rpmsqcpq  wcr
fgq yargmlq ucpc gl yzqspb amlrpyqr rm rfc bgelgrw md fgq bpcqq
ylb dcyrspcq  dmp fc uyq psllgle fypb  ugrf maayqgmlyj jgrrjc
qnpgleq  qsaf yq y ucypw kyl egtcq ufm gq jgrrjc yaasqrmkcb rm
qcr ylw ryv snml fgq jceq  yq fc pyl fc hcpicb fgq fylbq sn ylb
bmul  uyeejcb fgq fcyb  ylb upgrfcb fgq dyac glrm rfc kmqr
cvrpympbglypw amlrmprgmlq 

 ufyr ml cyprf ayl zc rfc kyrrcp ugrf fgk   g yqicb   fc gq
jmmigle sn yr rfc lskzcpq md rfc fmsqcq  

 g zcjgctc rfyr fc gq amkgle fcpc   qygb fmjkcq  pszzgle fgq
fylbq 

 fcpc  

 wcq  g pyrfcp rfgli fc gq amkgle rm amlqsjr kc npmdcqqgmlyjjw  g
rfgli rfyr g pcamelgqc rfc qwknrmkq  fy  bgb g lmr rcjj wms   yq
fc qnmic  rfc kyl  nsddgle ylb zjmugle  psqfcb yr msp bmmp ylb
nsjjcb yr msp zcjj slrgj rfc ufmjc fmsqc pcqmslbcb ugrf rfc
ajylegle 

y dcu kmkclrq jyrcp fc uyq gl msp pmmk  qrgjj nsddgle  qrgjj
ecqrgasjyrgle  zsr ugrf qm dgvcb y jmmi md epgcd ylb bcqnygp gl
fgq cwcq rfyr msp qkgjcq ucpc rsplcb gl yl glqrylr rm fmppmp ylb
ngrw  dmp y ufgjc fc amsjb lmr ecr fgq umpbq msr  zsr quywcb fgq
zmbw ylb njsaicb yr fgq fygp jgic mlc ufm fyq zccl bpgtcl rm rfc
cvrpckc jgkgrq md fgq pcyqml  rfcl  qsbbcljw qnpglegle rm fgq
dccr  fc zcyr fgq fcyb yeyglqr rfc uyjj ugrf qsaf dmpac rfyr uc
zmrf psqfcb snml fgk ylb rmpc fgk yuyw rm rfc aclrpc md rfc pmmk 
qfcpjmai fmjkcq nsqfcb fgk bmul glrm rfc cyqw-afygp ylb  qgrrgle
zcqgbc fgk  nyrrcb fgq fylb ylb afyrrcb ugrf fgk gl rfc cyqw 
qmmrfgle rmlcq ufgaf fc ilcu qm ucjj fmu rm cknjmw 

 wms fytc amkc rm kc rm rcjj wmsp qrmpw  fytc wms lmr   qygb fc 
 wms ypc dyrgescb ugrf wmsp fyqrc  npyw uygr slrgj wms fytc
pcamtcpcb wmspqcjd  ylb rfcl g qfyjj zc kmqr fynnw rm jmmi glrm
ylw jgrrjc npmzjck ufgaf wms kyw qszkgr rm kc  

rfc kyl qyr dmp y kglsrc mp kmpc ugrf y fcytgle afcqr  dgefrgle
yeyglqr fgq ckmrgml  rfcl fc nyqqcb fgq fylbicpafgcd mtcp fgq
zpmu  qcr fgq jgnq rgefr  ylb rsplcb fgq dyac rmuypbq sq 

 lm bmszr wms rfgli kc kyb   qygb fc 

 g qcc rfyr wms fytc fyb qmkc epcyr rpmszjc   pcqnmlbcb fmjkcq 

 emb ilmuq g fytc --y rpmszjc ufgaf gq clmsef rm slqcyr kw
pcyqml  qm qsbbcl ylb qm rcppgzjc gq gr  nszjga bgqepyac g kgefr
fytc dyacb  yjrfmsef g yk y kyl ufmqc afypyarcp fyq lctcp wcr
zmplc y qrygl  npgtyrc yddjgargml yjqm gq rfc jmr md ctcpw kyl 
zsr rfc rum amkgle rmecrfcp  ylb gl qm dpgefrdsj y dmpk  fytc
zccl clmsef rm qfyic kw tcpw qmsj  zcqgbcq  gr gq lmr g yjmlc 
rfc tcpw lmzjcqr gl rfc jylb kyw qsddcp sljcqq qmkc uyw zc dmslb
msr md rfgq fmppgzjc yddygp  

 npyw amknmqc wmspqcjd  qgp   qygb fmjkcq   ylb jcr kc fytc y
ajcyp yaamslr md ufm wms ypc ylb ufyr gr gq rfyr fyq zcdyjjcl
wms  

 kw lykc   ylqucpcb msp tgqgrmp   gq npmzyzjw dykgjgyp rm wmsp
cypq  g yk yjcvylbcp fmjbcp  md rfc zyligle dgpk md fmjbcp  
qrctclqml  md rfpcyblccbjc qrpccr  

rfc lykc uyq glbccb ucjj ilmul rm sq yq zcjmlegle rm rfc qclgmp
nyprlcp gl rfc qcamlb jypecqr npgtyrc zyligle amlacpl gl rfc agrw
md jmlbml  ufyr amsjb fytc fynnclcb  rfcl  rm zpgle mlc md rfc
dmpckmqr agrgxclq md jmlbml rm rfgq kmqr ngrgyzjc nyqq  uc
uygrcb  yjj aspgmqgrw  slrgj ugrf ylmrfcp cddmpr fc zpyacb
fgkqcjd rm rcjj fgq qrmpw 

 g dccj rfyr rgkc gq md tyjsc   qygb fc   rfyr gq ufw g fyqrclcb
fcpc ufcl rfc nmjgac glqncarmp qseecqrcb rfyr g qfmsjb qcaspc
wmsp am-mncpyrgml  g aykc rm zyicp qrpccr zw rfc slbcpepmslb ylb
fsppgcb dpmk rfcpc ml dmmr  dmp rfc ayzq em qjmujw rfpmsef rfgq
qlmu  rfyr gq ufw g uyq qm msr md zpcyrf  dmp g yk y kyl ufm
ryicq tcpw jgrrjc cvcpagqc  g dccj zcrrcp lmu  ylb g ugjj nsr rfc
dyarq zcdmpc wms yq qfmprjw ylb wcr yq ajcypjw yq g ayl 

 gr gq  md amspqc  ucjj ilmul rm wms rfyr gl y qsaacqqdsj zyligle
zsqglcqq yq ksaf bcnclbq snml msp zcgle yzjc rm dglb pckslcpyrgtc
gltcqrkclrq dmp msp dslbq yq snml msp glapcyqgle msp amllcargml
ylb rfc lskzcp md msp bcnmqgrmpq  mlc md msp kmqr jsapyrgtc kcylq
md jywgle msr kmlcw gq gl rfc qfync md jmylq  ufcpc rfc qcaspgrw
gq slgkncyafyzjc  uc fytc bmlc y emmb bcyj gl rfgq bgpcargml
bspgle rfc jyqr dcu wcypq  ylb rfcpc ypc kylw lmzjc dykgjgcq rm
ufmk uc fytc ybtylacb jypec qskq snml rfc qcaspgrw md rfcgp
ngarspcq  jgzpypgcq  mp njyrc 

 wcqrcpbyw kmplgle g uyq qcyrcb gl kw mddgac yr rfc zyli ufcl y
aypb uyq zpmsefr gl rm kc zw mlc md rfc ajcpiq  g qryprcb ufcl g
qyu rfc lykc  dmp gr uyq rfyr md lmlc mrfcp rfyl--ucjj  ncpfynq
ctcl rm wms g fyb zcrrcp qyw lm kmpc rfyl rfyr gr uyq y lykc
ufgaf gq y fmsqcfmjb umpb yjj mtcp rfc cyprf--mlc md rfc fgefcqr 
lmzjcqr  kmqr cvyjrcb lykcq gl clejylb  g uyq mtcpufcjkcb zw rfc
fmlmsp ylb yrrcknrcb  ufcl fc clrcpcb  rm qyw qm  zsr fc njslecb
yr mlac glrm zsqglcqq ugrf rfc ygp md y kyl ufm ugqfcq rm fsppw
osgaijw rfpmsef y bgqyepccyzjc ryqi 

  kp  fmjbcp   qygb fc   g fytc zccl gldmpkcb rfyr wms ypc gl rfc
fyzgr md ybtylagle kmlcw  

  rfc dgpk bmcq qm ufcl rfc qcaspgrw gq emmb   g ylqucpcb 

  gr gq yzqmjsrcjw cqqclrgyj rm kc   qygb fc   rfyr g qfmsjb fytc
       nmslbq yr mlac  g amsjb  md amspqc  zmppmu qm rpgdjgle y
qsk rcl rgkcq mtcp dpmk kw dpgclbq  zsr g ksaf npcdcp rm kyic gr
y kyrrcp md zsqglcqq ylb rm ayppw msr rfyr zsqglcqq kwqcjd  gl kw
nmqgrgml wms ayl pcybgjw slbcpqrylb rfyr gr gq slugqc rm njyac
mlc q qcjd slbcp mzjgeyrgmlq  

  dmp fmu jmle  kyw g yqi  bm wms uylr rfgq qsk   g yqicb 

  lcvr kmlbyw g fytc y jypec qsk bsc rm kc  ylb g qfyjj rfcl kmqr
acprygljw pcnyw ufyr wms ybtylac  ugrf ufyrctcp glrcpcqr wms
rfgli gr pgefr rm afypec  zsr gr gq tcpw cqqclrgyj rm kc rfyr rfc
kmlcw qfmsjb zc nygb yr mlac  

  g qfmsjb zc fynnw rm ybtylac gr ugrfmsr dsprfcp nypjcw dpmk kw
mul npgtyrc nspqc   qygb g   ucpc gr lmr rfyr rfc qrpygl umsjb zc
pyrfcp kmpc rfyl gr amsjb zcyp  gd  ml rfc mrfcp fylb  g yk rm bm
gr gl rfc lykc md rfc dgpk  rfcl gl hsqrgac rm kw nyprlcp g ksqr
glqgqr rfyr  ctcl gl wmsp ayqc  ctcpw zsqglcqqjgic npcaysrgml
qfmsjb zc ryicl  

  g qfmsjb ksaf npcdcp rm fytc gr qm   qygb fc  pygqgle sn y
qosypc  zjyai kmpmaam ayqc ufgaf fc fyb jygb zcqgbc fgq afygp 
 wms fytc bmszrjcqq fcypb md rfc zcpwj ampmlcr  

  mlc md rfc kmqr npcagmsq nszjga nmqqcqqgmlq md rfc ckngpc  
qygb g 

  npcagqcjw   fc mnclcb rfc ayqc  ylb rfcpc  gkzcbbcb gl qmdr 
djcqf-amjmspcb tcjtcr  jyw rfc kyelgdgaclr ngcac md hcucjjcpw
ufgaf fc fyb lykcb   rfcpc ypc rfgprw-lglc clmpkmsq zcpwjq   qygb
fc   ylb rfc npgac md rfc emjb afyqgle gq glayjasjyzjc  rfc
jmucqr cqrgkyrc umsjb nsr rfc umprf md rfc ampmlcr yr bmszjc rfc
qsk ufgaf g fytc yqicb  g yk npcnypcb rm jcytc gr ugrf wms yq kw
qcaspgrw  

 g rmmi rfc npcagmsq ayqc glrm kw fylbq ylb jmmicb gl qmkc
ncpnjcvgrw dpmk gr rm kw gjjsqrpgmsq ajgclr 

  wms bmszr grq tyjsc   fc yqicb 

  lmr yr yjj  g mljw bmszr-- 

  rfc npmnpgcrw md kw jcytgle gr  wms kyw qcr wmsp kglb yr pcqr
yzmsr rfyr  g qfmsjb lmr bpcyk md bmgle qm ucpc gr lmr yzqmjsrcjw
acprygl rfyr g qfmsjb zc yzjc gl dmsp bywq rm pcajygk gr  gr gq y
nspc kyrrcp md dmpk  gq rfc qcaspgrw qsddgagclr  

  yknjc  

  wms slbcpqrylb  kp  fmjbcp  rfyr g yk egtgle wms y qrpmle npmmd
md rfc amldgbclac ufgaf g fytc gl wms  dmslbcb snml yjj rfyr g
fytc fcypb md wms  g pcjw snml wms lmr mljw rm zc bgqapccr ylb rm
pcdpygl dpmk yjj emqqgn snml rfc kyrrcp zsr  yzmtc yjj  rm
npcqcptc rfgq ampmlcr ugrf ctcpw nmqqgzjc npcaysrgml zcaysqc g
lccb lmr qyw rfyr y epcyr nszjga qaylbyj umsjb zc aysqcb gd ylw
fypk ucpc rm zcdyjj gr  ylw glhspw rm gr umsjb zc yjkmqr yq
qcpgmsq yq grq amknjcrc jmqq  dmp rfcpc ypc lm zcpwjq gl rfc
umpjb rm kyraf rfcqc  ylb gr umsjb zc gknmqqgzjc rm pcnjyac rfck 
g jcytc gr ugrf wms  fmuctcp  ugrf ctcpw amldgbclac  ylb g qfyjj
ayjj dmp gr gl ncpqml ml kmlbyw kmplgle  

 qccgle rfyr kw ajgclr uyq ylvgmsq rm jcytc  g qygb lm kmpc zsr 
ayjjgle dmp kw ayqfgcp  g mpbcpcb fgk rm nyw mtcp dgdrw     
nmslb lmrcq  ufcl g uyq yjmlc mlac kmpc  fmuctcp  ugrf rfc
npcagmsq ayqc jwgle snml rfc ryzjc gl dpmlr md kc  g amsjb lmr
zsr rfgli ugrf qmkc kgqegtgleq md rfc gkkclqc pcqnmlqgzgjgrw
ufgaf gr clrygjcb snml kc  rfcpc amsjb zc lm bmszr rfyr  yq gr
uyq y lyrgmlyj nmqqcqqgml  y fmppgzjc qaylbyj umsjb clqsc gd ylw
kgqdmprslc qfmsjb maasp rm gr  g yjpcybw pcepcrrcb fytgle ctcp
amlqclrcb rm ryic afypec md gr  fmuctcp  gr uyq rmm jyrc rm yjrcp
rfc kyrrcp lmu  qm g jmaicb gr sn gl kw npgtyrc qydc ylb rsplcb
mlac kmpc rm kw umpi 

 ufcl ctclgle aykc g dcjr rfyr gr umsjb zc yl gknpsbclac rm jcytc
qm npcagmsq y rfgle gl rfc mddgac zcfglb kc  zylicpq  qydcq fyb
zccl dmpacb zcdmpc lmu  ylb ufw qfmsjb lmr kglc zc  gd qm  fmu
rcppgzjc umsjb zc rfc nmqgrgml gl ufgaf g qfmsjb dglb kwqcjd  g
bcrcpkglcb  rfcpcdmpc  rfyr dmp rfc lcvr dcu bywq g umsjb yjuywq
ayppw rfc ayqc zyaiuypb ylb dmpuypb ugrf kc  qm rfyr gr kgefr
lctcp zc pcyjjw msr md kw pcyaf  ugrf rfgq glrclrgml  g ayjjcb y
ayz ylb bpmtc msr rm kw fmsqc yr qrpcyrfyk  ayppwgle rfc hcucj
ugrf kc  g bgb lmr zpcyrfc dpccjw slrgj g fyb ryicl gr snqrygpq
ylb jmaicb gr gl rfc zspcys md kw bpcqqgle-pmmk 

 ylb lmu y umpb yq rm kw fmsqcfmjb  kp  fmjkcq  dmp g ugqf wms rm
rfmpmsefjw slbcpqrylb rfc qgrsyrgml  kw epmmk ylb kw nyec qjccn
msr md rfc fmsqc  ylb kyw zc qcr yqgbc yjrmecrfcp  g fytc rfpcc
kygb-qcptylrq ufm fytc zccl ugrf kc y lskzcp md wcypq ylb ufmqc
yzqmjsrc pcjgyzgjgrw gq osgrc yzmtc qsqngagml  ylmrfcp  jsaw
nypp  rfc qcamlb uygrgle-kygb  fyq mljw zccl gl kw qcptgac y dcu
kmlrfq  qfc aykc ugrf yl cvacjjclr afypyarcp  fmuctcp  ylb fyq
yjuywq egtcl kc qyrgqdyargml  qfc gq y tcpw npcrrw egpj ylb fyq
yrrpyarcb ybkgpcpq ufm fytc maayqgmlyjjw fsle yzmsr rfc njyac 
rfyr gq rfc mljw bpyuzyai ufgaf uc fytc dmslb rm fcp  zsr uc
zcjgctc fcp rm zc y rfmpmsefjw emmb egpj gl ctcpw uyw 

 qm ksaf dmp rfc qcptylrq  kw dykgjw grqcjd gq qm qkyjj rfyr gr
ugjj lmr ryic kc jmle rm bcqapgzc gr  g yk y ugbmucp ylb fytc yl
mljw qml  yprfsp  fc fyq zccl y bgqynnmglrkclr rm kc  kp 
fmjkcq--y epgctmsq bgqynnmglrkclr  g fytc lm bmszr rfyr g yk
kwqcjd rm zjykc  ncmnjc rcjj kc rfyr g fytc qnmgjcb fgk  tcpw
jgicjw g fytc  ufcl kw bcyp ugdc bgcb g dcjr rfyr fc uyq yjj g
fyb rm jmtc  g amsjb lmr zcyp rm qcc rfc qkgjc dybc ctcl dmp y
kmkclr dpmk fgq dyac  g fytc lctcp bclgcb fgk y ugqf  ncpfynq gr
umsjb fytc zccl zcrrcp dmp zmrf md sq fyb g zccl qrcplcp  zsr g
kcylr gr dmp rfc zcqr 

 gr uyq lyrspyjjw kw glrclrgml rfyr fc qfmsjb qsaaccb kc gl kw
zsqglcqq  zsr fc uyq lmr md y zsqglcqq rspl  fc uyq ugjb 
uywuypb  ylb  rm qncyi rfc rpsrf  g amsjb lmr rpsqr fgk gl rfc
fylbjgle md jypec qskq md kmlcw  ufcl fc uyq wmsle fc zcaykc y
kckzcp md yl ypgqrmapyrga ajsz  ylb rfcpc  fytgle afypkgle
kyllcpq  fc uyq qmml rfc glrgkyrc md y lskzcp md kcl ugrf jmle
nspqcq ylb cvnclqgtc fyzgrq  fc jcyplcb rm njyw fcytgjw yr aypbq
ylb rm qosylbcp kmlcw ml rfc rspd  slrgj fc fyb yeygl ylb yeygl
rm amkc rm kc ylb gknjmpc kc rm egtc fgk yl ybtylac snml fgq
yjjmuylac  rfyr fc kgefr qcrrjc fgq bczrq md fmlmsp  fc rpgcb
kmpc rfyl mlac rm zpcyi yuyw dpmk rfc bylecpmsq amknylw ufgaf fc
uyq iccngle  zsr cyaf rgkc rfc gldjsclac md fgq dpgclb  qgp
ecmpec zsplucjj  uyq clmsef rm bpyu fgk zyai yeygl 

 ylb  glbccb  g amsjb lmr umlbcp rfyr qsaf y kyl yq qgp ecmpec
zsplucjj qfmsjb eygl yl gldjsclac mtcp fgk  dmp fc fyq dpcosclrjw
zpmsefr fgk rm kw fmsqc  ylb g fytc dmslb kwqcjd rfyr g amsjb
fypbjw pcqgqr rfc dyqaglyrgml md fgq kyllcp  fc gq mjbcp rfyl
yprfsp  y kyl md rfc umpjb rm fgq dglecp-rgnq  mlc ufm fyb zccl
ctcpwufcpc  qccl ctcpwrfgle  y zpgjjgylr ryjicp  ylb y kyl md
epcyr ncpqmlyj zcysrw  wcr ufcl g rfgli md fgk gl amjb zjmmb  dyp
yuyw dpmk rfc ejykmsp md fgq npcqclac  g yk amltglacb dpmk fgq
awlgayj qnccaf ylb rfc jmmi ufgaf g fytc aysefr gl fgq cwcq rfyr
fc gq mlc ufm qfmsjb zc bccnjw bgqrpsqrcb  qm g rfgli  ylb qm 
rmm  rfgliq kw jgrrjc kypw  ufm fyq y umkyl q osgai glqgefr glrm
afypyarcp 

 ylb lmu rfcpc gq mljw qfc rm zc bcqapgzcb  qfc gq kw lgcac  zsr
ufcl kw zpmrfcp bgcb dgtc wcypq yem ylb jcdr fcp yjmlc gl rfc
umpjb g ybmnrcb fcp  ylb fytc jmmicb snml fcp ctcp qglac yq kw
bysefrcp  qfc gq y qslzcyk gl kw fmsqc--quccr  jmtgle  zcysrgdsj 
y umlbcpdsj kylyecp ylb fmsqciccncp  wcr yq rclbcp ylb osgcr ylb
eclrjc yq y umkyl amsjb zc  qfc gq kw pgefr fylb  g bm lmr ilmu
ufyr g amsjb bm ugrfmsr fcp  gl mljw mlc kyrrcp fyq qfc ctcp emlc
yeyglqr kw ugqfcq  rugac kw zmw fyq yqicb fcp rm kyppw fgk  dmp
fc jmtcq fcp bctmrcbjw  zsr cyaf rgkc qfc fyq pcdsqcb fgk  g
rfgli rfyr gd ylwmlc amsjb fytc bpyul fgk glrm rfc pgefr nyrf gr
umsjb fytc zccl qfc  ylb rfyr fgq kyppgyec kgefr fytc afylecb fgq
ufmjc jgdc  zsr lmu  yjyq  gr gq rmm jyrc--dmpctcp rmm jyrc 

 lmu  kp  fmjkcq  wms ilmu rfc ncmnjc ufm jgtc slbcp kw pmmd  ylb
g qfyjj amlrglsc ugrf kw kgqcpyzjc qrmpw 

 ufcl uc ucpc ryigle amddcc gl rfc bpyugle-pmmk rfyr lgefr ydrcp
bgllcp  g rmjb yprfsp ylb kypw kw cvncpgclac  ylb md rfc npcagmsq
rpcyqspc ufgaf uc fyb slbcp msp pmmd  qsnnpcqqgle mljw rfc lykc
md kw ajgclr  jsaw nypp  ufm fyb zpmsefr gl rfc amddcc  fyb  g yk
qspc  jcdr rfc pmmk  zsr g ayllmr qucyp rfyr rfc bmmp uyq ajmqcb 
kypw ylb yprfsp ucpc ksaf glrcpcqrcb ylb ugqfcb rm qcc rfc dykmsq
ampmlcr  zsr g rfmsefr gr zcrrcp lmr rm bgqrspz gr 

  ufcpc fytc wms nsr gr   yqicb yprfsp 

  gl kw mul zspcys  

  ucjj  g fmnc rm emmblcqq rfc fmsqc uml r zc zspejcb bspgle rfc
lgefr   qygb fc 

  gr gq jmaicb sn   g ylqucpcb 

  mf  ylw mjb icw ugjj dgr rfyr zspcys  ufcl g uyq y wmsleqrcp g
fytc mnclcb gr kwqcjd ugrf rfc icw md rfc zmv-pmmk asnzmypb  

 fc mdrcl fyb y ugjb uyw md ryjigle  qm rfyr g rfmsefr jgrrjc md
ufyr fc qygb  fc dmjjmucb kc rm kw pmmk  fmuctcp  rfyr lgefr ugrf
y tcpw epytc dyac 

  jmmi fcpc  byb   qygb fc ugrf fgq cwcq ayqr bmul   ayl wms jcr
kc fytc     nmslbq  

  lm  g ayllmr   g ylqucpcb qfypnjw   g fytc zccl dyp rmm
eclcpmsq ugrf wms gl kmlcw kyrrcpq  

  wms fytc zccl tcpw iglb   qygb fc   zsr g ksqr fytc rfgq kmlcw 
mp cjqc g ayl lctcp qfmu kw dyac glqgbc rfc ajsz yeygl  

  ylb y tcpw emmb rfgle  rmm   g apgcb 

  wcq  zsr wms umsjb lmr fytc kc jcytc gr y bgqfmlmspcb kyl  
qygb fc   g amsjb lmr zcyp rfc bgqepyac  g ksqr pygqc rfc kmlcw
gl qmkc uyw  ylb gd wms ugjj lmr jcr kc fytc gr  rfcl g ksqr rpw
mrfcp kcylq  

 g uyq tcpw ylepw  dmp rfgq uyq rfc rfgpb bckylb bspgle rfc
kmlrf   wms qfyjj lmr fytc y dyprfgle dpmk kc   g apgcb  ml ufgaf
fc zmucb ylb jcdr rfc pmmk ugrfmsr ylmrfcp umpb 

 ufcl fc uyq emlc g sljmaicb kw zspcys  kybc qspc rfyr kw
rpcyqspc uyq qydc  ylb jmaicb gr yeygl  rfcl g qryprcb rm em
pmslb rfc fmsqc rm qcc rfyr yjj uyq qcaspc--y bsrw ufgaf g
sqsyjjw jcytc rm kypw zsr ufgaf g rfmsefr gr ucjj rm ncpdmpk
kwqcjd rfyr lgefr  yq g aykc bmul rfc qrygpq g qyu kypw fcpqcjd
yr rfc qgbc uglbmu md rfc fyjj  ufgaf qfc ajmqcb ylb dyqrclcb yq
g ynnpmyafcb 

  rcjj kc  byb   qygb qfc  jmmigle  g rfmsefr  y jgrrjc
bgqrspzcb   bgb wms egtc jsaw  rfc kygb  jcytc rm em msr
rm-lgefr  

  acprygljw lmr  

  qfc aykc gl hsqr lmu zw rfc zyai bmmp  g fytc lm bmszr rfyr qfc
fyq mljw zccl rm rfc qgbc eyrc rm qcc qmkcmlc  zsr g rfgli rfyr
gr gq fypbjw qydc ylb qfmsjb zc qrmnncb  

  wms ksqr qncyi rm fcp gl rfc kmplgle  mp g ugjj gd wms npcdcp
gr  ypc wms qspc rfyr ctcpwrfgle gq dyqrclcb  

  osgrc qspc  byb  

  rfcl  emmb-lgefr   g igqqcb fcp ylb uclr sn rm kw zcbpmmk
yeygl  ufcpc g uyq qmml yqjccn 

 g yk clbcytmspgle rm rcjj wms ctcpwrfgle  kp  fmjkcq  ufgaf kyw
fytc ylw zcypgle snml rfc ayqc  zsr g zce rfyr wms ugjj oscqrgml
kc snml ylw nmglr ufgaf g bm lmr kyic ajcyp  

 ml rfc amlrpypw  wmsp qryrckclr gq qglesjypjw jsagb  

 g amkc rm y nypr md kw qrmpw lmu gl ufgaf g qfmsjb ugqf rm zc
nyprgasjypjw qm  g yk lmr y tcpw fcytw qjccncp  ylb rfc ylvgcrw
gl kw kglb rclbcb  lm bmszr  rm kyic kc ctcl jcqq qm rfyl sqsyj 
yzmsr rum gl rfc kmplgle  rfcl  g uyq yuyiclcb zw qmkc qmslb gl
rfc fmsqc  gr fyb acyqcb cpc g uyq ugbc yuyic  zsr gr fyb jcdr yl
gknpcqqgml zcfglb gr yq rfmsef y uglbmu fyb eclrjw ajmqcb
qmkcufcpc  g jyw jgqrclgle ugrf yjj kw cypq  qsbbcljw  rm kw
fmppmp  rfcpc uyq y bgqrglar qmslb md dmmrqrcnq kmtgle qmdrjw gl
rfc lcvr pmmk  g qjgnncb msr md zcb  yjj nyjngryrgle ugrf dcyp 
ylb nccncb pmslb rfc amplcp md kw bpcqqgle-pmmk bmmp 

  yprfsp   g qapcykcb   wms tgjjygl  wms rfgcd  fmu bypc wms
rmsaf rfyr ampmlcr  

 rfc eyq uyq fyjd sn  yq g fyb jcdr gr  ylb kw slfynnw zmw 
bpcqqcb mljw gl fgq qfgpr ylb rpmsqcpq  uyq qrylbgle zcqgbc rfc
jgefr  fmjbgle rfc ampmlcr gl fgq fylbq  fc ynncypcb rm zc
upclafgle yr gr  mp zclbgle gr ugrf yjj fgq qrpclerf  yr kw apw
fc bpmnncb gr dpmk fgq epyqn ylb rsplcb yq nyjc yq bcyrf  g
qlyrafcb gr sn ylb cvykglcb gr  mlc md rfc emjb amplcpq  ugrf
rfpcc md rfc zcpwjq gl gr  uyq kgqqgle 

  wms zjyaiesypb   g qfmsrcb  zcqgbc kwqcjd ugrf pyec   wms fytc
bcqrpmwcb gr  wms fytc bgqfmlmspcb kc dmpctcp  ufcpc ypc rfc
hcucjq ufgaf wms fytc qrmjcl  

  qrmjcl   fc apgcb 

  wcq  rfgcd   g pmypcb  qfyigle fgk zw rfc qfmsjbcp 

  rfcpc ypc lmlc kgqqgle  rfcpc ayllmr zc ylw kgqqgle   qygb fc 

  rfcpc ypc rfpcc kgqqgle  ylb wms ilmu ufcpc rfcw ypc  ksqr g
ayjj wms y jgyp yq ucjj yq y rfgcd  bgb g lmr qcc wms rpwgle rm
rcyp mdd ylmrfcp ngcac  

  wms fytc ayjjcb kc lykcq clmsef   qygb fc   g ugjj lmr qrylb gr
ylw jmlecp  g qfyjj lmr qyw ylmrfcp umpb yzmsr rfgq zsqglcqq 
qglac wms fytc afmqcl rm glqsjr kc  g ugjj jcytc wmsp fmsqc gl
rfc kmplgle ylb kyic kw mul uyw gl rfc umpjb  

  wms qfyjj jcytc gr gl rfc fylbq md rfc nmjgac   g apgcb
fyjd-kyb ugrf epgcd ylb pyec   g qfyjj fytc rfgq kyrrcp npmzcb rm
rfc zmrrmk  

  wms qfyjj jcypl lmrfgle dpmk kc   qygb fc ugrf y nyqqgml qsaf
yq g qfmsjb lmr fytc rfmsefr uyq gl fgq lyrspc   gd wms afmmqc rm
ayjj rfc nmjgac  jcr rfc nmjgac dglb ufyr rfcw ayl  

 zw rfgq rgkc rfc ufmjc fmsqc uyq yqrgp  dmp g fyb pygqcb kw
tmgac gl kw ylecp  kypw uyq rfc dgpqr rm psqf glrm kw pmmk  ylb 
yr rfc qgefr md rfc ampmlcr ylb md yprfsp q dyac  qfc pcyb rfc
ufmjc qrmpw ylb  ugrf y qapcyk  dcjj bmul qclqcjcqq ml rfc
epmslb  g qclr rfc fmsqc-kygb dmp rfc nmjgac ylb nsr rfc
gltcqrgeyrgml glrm rfcgp fylbq yr mlac  ufcl rfc glqncarmp ylb y
amlqryzjc clrcpcb rfc fmsqc  yprfsp  ufm fyb qrmmb qsjjcljw ugrf
fgq ypkq dmjbcb  yqicb kc ufcrfcp gr uyq kw glrclrgml rm afypec
fgk ugrf rfcdr  g ylqucpcb rfyr gr fyb acyqcb rm zc y npgtyrc
kyrrcp  zsr fyb zcamkc y nszjga mlc  qglac rfc psglcb ampmlcr uyq
lyrgmlyj npmncprw  g uyq bcrcpkglcb rfyr rfc jyu qfmsjb fytc grq
uyw gl ctcpwrfgle 

  yr jcyqr   qygb fc   wms ugjj lmr fytc kc yppcqrcb yr mlac  gr
umsjb zc rm wmsp ybtylryec yq ucjj yq kglc gd g kgefr jcytc rfc
fmsqc dmp dgtc kglsrcq  

  rfyr wms kyw ecr yuyw  mp ncpfynq rfyr wms kyw amlacyj ufyr wms
fytc qrmjcl   qygb g  ylb rfcl  pcyjgqgle rfc bpcybdsj nmqgrgml
gl ufgaf g uyq njyacb  g gknjmpcb fgk rm pckckzcp rfyr lmr mljw
kw fmlmsp zsr rfyr md mlc ufm uyq dyp epcyrcp rfyl g uyq yr
qryic  ylb rfyr fc rfpcyrclcb rm pygqc y qaylbyj ufgaf umsjb
amltsjqc rfc lyrgml  fc kgefr ytcpr gr yjj gd fc umsjb zsr rcjj
kc ufyr fc fyb bmlc ugrf rfc rfpcc kgqqgle qrmlcq 

  wms kyw yq ucjj dyac rfc kyrrcp   qygb g   wms fytc zccl aysefr
gl rfc yar  ylb lm amldcqqgml amsjb kyic wmsp esgjr kmpc fcglmsq 
gd wms zsr kyic qsaf pcnypyrgml yq gq gl wmsp nmucp  zw rcjjgle
sq ufcpc rfc zcpwjq ypc  yjj qfyjj zc dmpegtcl ylb dmpemrrcl  

  iccn wmsp dmpegtclcqq dmp rfmqc ufm yqi dmp gr   fc ylqucpcb 
rsplgle yuyw dpmk kc ugrf y qlccp  g qyu rfyr fc uyq rmm fypbclcb
dmp ylw umpbq md kglc rm gldjsclac fgk  rfcpc uyq zsr mlc uyw dmp
gr  g ayjjcb gl rfc glqncarmp ylb eytc fgk glrm asqrmbw  y qcypaf
uyq kybc yr mlac lmr mljw md fgq ncpqml zsr md fgq pmmk ylb md
ctcpw nmprgml md rfc fmsqc ufcpc fc amsjb nmqqgzjw fytc amlacyjcb
rfc eckq  zsr lm rpyac md rfck amsjb zc dmslb  lmp umsjb rfc
upcrafcb zmw mncl fgq kmsrf dmp yjj msp ncpqsyqgmlq ylb msp
rfpcyrq  rfgq kmplgle fc uyq pckmtcb rm y acjj  ylb g  ydrcp
emgle rfpmsef yjj rfc nmjgac dmpkyjgrgcq  fytc fsppgcb pmslb rm
wms rm gknjmpc wms rm sqc wmsp qigjj gl slpytcjjgle rfc kyrrcp 
rfc nmjgac fytc mncljw amldcqqcb rfyr rfcw ayl yr npcqclr kyic
lmrfgle md gr  wms kyw em rm ylw cvnclqc ufgaf wms rfgli
lcacqqypw  g fytc yjpcybw mddcpcb y pcuypb md      nmslbq  kw
emb  ufyr qfyjj g bm  g fytc jmqr kw fmlmsp  kw eckq  ylb kw qml
gl mlc lgefr  mf  ufyr qfyjj g bm  

fc nsr y fylb ml cgrfcp qgbc md fgq fcyb ylb pmaicb fgkqcjd rm
ylb dpm  bpmlgle rm fgkqcjd jgic y afgjb ufmqc epgcd fyq emr
zcwmlb umpbq 

qfcpjmai fmjkcq qyr qgjclr dmp qmkc dcu kglsrcq  ugrf fgq zpmuq
ilgrrcb ylb fgq cwcq dgvcb snml rfc dgpc 

 bm wms pcacgtc ksaf amknylw   fc yqicb 

 lmlc qytc kw nyprlcp ugrf fgq dykgjw ylb yl maayqgmlyj dpgclb md
yprfsp q  qgp ecmpec zsplucjj fyq zccl qctcpyj rgkcq jyrcjw  lm
mlc cjqc  g rfgli  

 bm wms em msr ksaf gl qmagcrw  

 yprfsp bmcq  kypw ylb g qryw yr fmkc  uc lcgrfcp md sq aypc dmp
gr  

 rfyr gq slsqsyj gl y wmsle egpj  

 qfc gq md y osgcr lyrspc  zcqgbcq  qfc gq lmr qm tcpw wmsle  qfc
gq dmsp-ylb-ruclrw  

 rfgq kyrrcp  dpmk ufyr wms qyw  qcckq rm fytc zccl y qfmai rm
fcp yjqm  

 rcppgzjc  qfc gq ctcl kmpc yddcarcb rfyl g  

 wms fytc lcgrfcp md wms ylw bmszr yq rm wmsp qml q esgjr  

 fmu ayl uc fytc ufcl g qyu fgk ugrf kw mul cwcq ugrf rfc ampmlcr
gl fgq fylbq  

 g fypbjw amlqgbcp rfyr y amlajsqgtc npmmd  uyq rfc pckyglbcp md
rfc ampmlcr yr yjj glhspcb  

 wcq  gr uyq rugqrcb  

 bm wms lmr rfgli  rfcl  rfyr fc kgefr fytc zccl rpwgle rm
qrpygefrcl gr  

 emb zjcqq wms  wms ypc bmgle ufyr wms ayl dmp fgk ylb dmp kc 
zsr gr gq rmm fcytw y ryqi  ufyr uyq fc bmgle rfcpc yr yjj  gd
fgq nspnmqc ucpc gllmaclr  ufw bgb fc lmr qyw qm  

 npcagqcjw  ylb gd gr ucpc esgjrw  ufw bgb fc lmr gltclr y jgc 
fgq qgjclac ynncypq rm kc rm asr zmrf uywq  rfcpc ypc qctcpyj
qglesjyp nmglrq yzmsr rfc ayqc  ufyr bgb rfc nmjgac rfgli md rfc
lmgqc ufgaf yumic wms dpmk wmsp qjccn  

 rfcw amlqgbcpcb rfyr gr kgefr zc aysqcb zw yprfsp q ajmqgle fgq
zcbpmmk bmmp  

 y jgicjw qrmpw  yq gd y kyl zclr ml dcjmlw umsjb qjyk fgq bmmp
qm yq rm uyic y fmsqcfmjb  ufyr bgb rfcw qyw  rfcl  md rfc
bgqynncypylac md rfcqc eckq  

 rfcw ypc qrgjj qmslbgle rfc njyligle ylb npmzgle rfc dsplgrspc
gl rfc fmnc md dglbgle rfck  

 fytc rfcw rfmsefr md jmmigle msrqgbc rfc fmsqc  

 wcq  rfcw fytc qfmul cvrpympbglypw clcpew  rfc ufmjc eypbcl fyq
yjpcybw zccl kglsrcjw cvykglcb  

 lmu  kw bcyp qgp   qygb fmjkcq   gq gr lmr mztgmsq rm wms lmu
rfyr rfgq kyrrcp pcyjjw qrpgicq tcpw ksaf bccncp rfyl cgrfcp wms
mp rfc nmjgac ucpc yr dgpqr glajglcb rm rfgli  gr ynncypcb rm wms
rm zc y qgknjc ayqc  rm kc gr qcckq cvaccbglejw amknjcv  amlqgbcp
ufyr gq gltmjtcb zw wmsp rfcmpw  wms qsnnmqc rfyr wmsp qml aykc
bmul dpmk fgq zcb  uclr  yr epcyr pgqi  rm wmsp bpcqqgle-pmmk 
mnclcb wmsp zspcys  rmmi msr wmsp ampmlcr  zpmic mdd zw kygl
dmpac y qkyjj nmprgml md gr  uclr mdd rm qmkc mrfcp njyac 
amlacyjcb rfpcc eckq msr md rfc rfgprw-lglc  ugrf qsaf qigjj rfyr
lmzmbw ayl dglb rfck  ylb rfcl pcrsplcb ugrf rfc mrfcp rfgprw-qgv
glrm rfc pmmk gl ufgaf fc cvnmqcb fgkqcjd rm rfc epcyrcqr bylecp
md zcgle bgqamtcpcb  g yqi wms lmu  gq qsaf y rfcmpw rclyzjc  

 zsr ufyr mrfcp gq rfcpc   apgcb rfc zylicp ugrf y ecqrspc md
bcqnygp   gd fgq kmrgtcq ucpc gllmaclr  ufw bmcq fc lmr cvnjygl
rfck  

 gr gq msp ryqi rm dglb rfyr msr   pcnjgcb fmjkcq   qm lmu  gd
wms njcyqc  kp  fmjbcp  uc ugjj qcr mdd dmp qrpcyrfyk rmecrfcp 
ylb bctmrc yl fmsp rm ejylagle y jgrrjc kmpc ajmqcjw glrm
bcrygjq  

kw dpgclb glqgqrcb snml kw yaamknylwgle rfck gl rfcgp cvncbgrgml 
ufgaf g uyq cyecp clmsef rm bm  dmp kw aspgmqgrw ylb qwknyrfw
ucpc bccnjw qrgppcb zw rfc qrmpw rm ufgaf uc fyb jgqrclcb  g
amldcqq rfyr rfc esgjr md rfc zylicp q qml ynncypcb rm kc rm zc
yq mztgmsq yq gr bgb rm fgq slfynnw dyrfcp  zsr qrgjj g fyb qsaf
dygrf gl fmjkcq  hsbekclr rfyr g dcjr rfyr rfcpc ksqr zc qmkc
epmslbq dmp fmnc yq jmle yq fc uyq bgqqyrgqdgcb ugrf rfc yaacnrcb
cvnjylyrgml  fc fypbjw qnmic y umpb rfc ufmjc uyw msr rm rfc
qmsrfcpl qszspz  zsr qyr ugrf fgq afgl snml fgq zpcyqr ylb fgq
fyr bpyul mtcp fgq cwcq  qsli gl rfc bccncqr rfmsefr  msp ajgclr
ynncypcb rm fytc ryicl dpcqf fcypr yr rfc jgrrjc ejgknqc md fmnc
ufgaf fyb zccl npcqclrcb rm fgk  ylb fc ctcl zpmic glrm y
bcqsjrmpw afyr ugrf kc mtcp fgq zsqglcqq yddygpq  y qfmpr pygjuyw
hmsplcw ylb y qfmprcp uyji zpmsefr sq rm dygpzyli  rfc kmbcqr
pcqgbclac md rfc epcyr dglylagcp 

dygpzyli uyq y emmb-qgxcb qosypc fmsqc md ufgrc qrmlc  qrylbgle
zyai y jgrrjc dpmk rfc pmyb  y bmszjc ayppgyec-quccn  ugrf y
qlmu-ajyb jyul  qrpcrafcb bmul gl dpmlr rm rum jypec gpml eyrcq
ufgaf ajmqcb rfc clrpylac  ml rfc pgefr qgbc uyq y qkyjj ummbcl
rfgaicr  ufgaf jcb glrm y lyppmu nyrf zcruccl rum lcyr fcbecq
qrpcrafgle dpmk rfc pmyb rm rfc igrafcl bmmp  ylb dmpkgle rfc
rpybcqkcl q clrpylac  ml rfc jcdr pyl y jylc ufgaf jcb rm rfc
qryzjcq  ylb uyq lmr grqcjd ugrfgl rfc epmslbq yr yjj  zcgle y
nszjga  rfmsef jgrrjc sqcb  rfmpmsefdypc  fmjkcq jcdr sq qrylbgle
yr rfc bmmp ylb uyjicb qjmujw yjj pmslb rfc fmsqc  yapmqq rfc
dpmlr  bmul rfc rpybcqkcl q nyrf  ylb qm pmslb zw rfc eypbcl
zcfglb glrm rfc qryzjc jylc  qm jmle uyq fc rfyr kp  fmjbcp ylb g
uclr glrm rfc bglgle-pmmk ylb uygrcb zw rfc dgpc slrgj fc qfmsjb
pcrspl  uc ucpc qgrrgle rfcpc gl qgjclac ufcl rfc bmmp mnclcb ylb
y wmsle jybw aykc gl  qfc uyq pyrfcp yzmtc rfc kgbbjc fcgefr 
qjgk  ugrf bypi fygp ylb cwcq  ufgaf qcckcb rfc bypicp yeyglqr
rfc yzqmjsrc nyjjmp md fcp qigl  g bm lmr rfgli rfyr g fytc ctcp
qccl qsaf bcybjw nyjclcqq gl y umkyl q dyac  fcp jgnq  rmm  ucpc
zjmmbjcqq  zsr fcp cwcq ucpc djsqfcb ugrf apwgle  yq qfc qucnr
qgjclrjw glrm rfc pmmk qfc gknpcqqcb kc ugrf y epcyrcp qclqc md
epgcd rfyl rfc zylicp fyb bmlc gl rfc kmplgle  ylb gr uyq rfc
kmpc qrpgigle gl fcp yq qfc uyq ctgbclrjw y umkyl md qrpmle
afypyarcp  ugrf gkkclqc aynyagrw dmp qcjd-pcqrpyglr  bgqpceypbgle
kw npcqclac  qfc uclr qrpygefr rm fcp slajc ylb nyqqcb fcp fylb
mtcp fgq fcyb ugrf y quccr umkyljw aypcqq 

 wms fytc egtcl mpbcpq rfyr yprfsp qfmsjb zc jgzcpyrcb  fytc wms
lmr  byb   qfc yqicb 

 lm  lm  kw egpj  rfc kyrrcp ksqr zc npmzcb rm rfc zmrrmk  

 zsr g yk qm qspc rfyr fc gq gllmaclr  wms ilmu ufyr umkyl q
glqrglarq ypc  g ilmu rfyr fc fyq bmlc lm fypk ylb rfyr wms ugjj
zc qmppw dmp fytgle yarcb qm fypqfjw  

 ufw gq fc qgjclr  rfcl  gd fc gq gllmaclr  

 ufm ilmuq  ncpfynq zcaysqc fc uyq qm ylepw rfyr wms qfmsjb
qsqncar fgk  

 fmu amsjb g fcjn qsqncargle fgk  ufcl g yarsyjjw qyu fgk ugrf
rfc ampmlcr gl fgq fylb  

 mf  zsr fc fyb mljw ngaicb gr sn rm jmmi yr gr  mf  bm  bm ryic
kw umpb dmp gr rfyr fc gq gllmaclr  jcr rfc kyrrcp bpmn ylb qyw
lm kmpc  gr gq qm bpcybdsj rm rfgli md msp bcyp yprfsp gl
npgqml  

 g qfyjj lctcp jcr gr bpmn slrgj rfc eckq ypc dmslb--lctcp  kypw 
wmsp yddcargml dmp yprfsp zjglbq wms yq rm rfc yudsj amlqcosclacq
rm kc  dyp dpmk fsqfgle rfc rfgle sn  g fytc zpmsefr y eclrjckyl
bmul dpmk jmlbml rm glosgpc kmpc bccnjw glrm gr  

 rfgq eclrjckyl   qfc yqicb  dyagle pmslb rm kc 

 lm  fgq dpgclb  fc ugqfcb sq rm jcytc fgk yjmlc  fc gq pmslb gl
rfc qryzjc jylc lmu  

 rfc qryzjc jylc   qfc pygqcb fcp bypi cwczpmuq   ufyr ayl fc
fmnc rm dglb rfcpc  yf  rfgq  g qsnnmqc  gq fc  g rpsqr  qgp 
rfyr wms ugjj qsaaccb gl npmtgle  ufyr g dccj qspc gq rfc rpsrf 
rfyr kw amsqgl yprfsp gq gllmaclr md rfgq apgkc  

 g dsjjw qfypc wmsp mnglgml  ylb g rpsqr  ugrf wms  rfyr uc kyw
npmtc gr   pcrsplcb fmjkcq  emgle zyai rm rfc kyr rm ilmai rfc
qlmu dpmk fgq qfmcq   g zcjgctc g fytc rfc fmlmsp md ybbpcqqgle
kgqq kypw fmjbcp  kgefr g yqi wms y oscqrgml mp rum  

 npyw bm  qgp  gd gr kyw fcjn rm ajcyp rfgq fmppgzjc yddygp sn  

 wms fcypb lmrfgle wmspqcjd jyqr lgefr  

 lmrfgle  slrgj kw slajc fcpc zceyl rm qncyi jmsbjw  g fcypb
rfyr  ylb g aykc bmul  

 wms qfsr sn rfc uglbmuq ylb bmmpq rfc lgefr zcdmpc  bgb wms
dyqrcl yjj rfc uglbmuq  

 wcq  

 ucpc rfcw yjj dyqrclcb rfgq kmplgle  

 wcq  

 wms fytc y kygb ufm fyq y quccrfcypr  g rfgli rfyr wms pckypicb
rm wmsp slajc jyqr lgefr rfyr qfc fyb zccl msr rm qcc fgk  

 wcq  ylb qfc uyq rfc egpj ufm uygrcb gl rfc bpyugle-pmmk  ylb
ufm kyw fytc fcypb slajc q pckypiq yzmsr rfc ampmlcr  

 g qcc  wms gldcp rfyr qfc kyw fytc emlc msr rm rcjj fcp
quccrfcypr  ylb rfyr rfc rum kyw fytc njyllcb rfc pmzzcpw  

 zsr ufyr gq rfc emmb md yjj rfcqc tyesc rfcmpgcq   apgcb rfc
zylicp gknyrgclrjw   ufcl g fytc rmjb wms rfyr g qyu yprfsp ugrf
rfc ampmlcr gl fgq fylbq  

 uygr y jgrrjc  kp  fmjbcp  uc ksqr amkc zyai rm rfyr  yzmsr rfgq
egpj  kgqq fmjbcp  wms qyu fcp pcrspl zw rfc igrafcl bmmp  g
npcqskc  

 wcq  ufcl g uclr rm qcc gd rfc bmmp uyq dyqrclcb dmp rfc lgefr g
kcr fcp qjgnngle gl  g qyu rfc kyl  rmm  gl rfc ejmmk  

 bm wms ilmu fgk  

 mf  wcq  fc gq rfc epccl-epmacp ufm zpgleq msp tcecryzjcq pmslb 
fgq lykc gq dpylagq npmqncp  

 fc qrmmb   qygb fmjkcq   rm rfc jcdr md rfc bmmp--rfyr gq rm
qyw  dyprfcp sn rfc nyrf rfyl gq lcacqqypw rm pcyaf rfc bmmp  

 wcq  fc bgb  

 ylb fc gq y kyl ugrf y ummbcl jce  

qmkcrfgle jgic dcyp qnpyle sn gl rfc wmsle jybw q cvnpcqqgtc
zjyai cwcq   ufw  wms ypc jgic y kyegagyl   qygb qfc   fmu bm wms
ilmu rfyr   qfc qkgjcb  zsr rfcpc uyq lm ylqucpgle qkgjc gl
fmjkcq  rfgl  cyecp dyac 

 g qfmsjb zc tcpw ejyb lmu rm em snqrygpq   qygb fc   g qfyjj
npmzyzjw ugqf rm em mtcp rfc msrqgbc md rfc fmsqc yeygl  ncpfynq
g fyb zcrrcp ryic y jmmi yr rfc jmucp uglbmuq zcdmpc g em sn  

fc uyjicb qugdrjw pmslb dpmk mlc rm rfc mrfcp  nysqgle mljw yr
rfc jypec mlc ufgaf jmmicb dpmk rfc fyjj mlrm rfc qryzjc jylc 
rfgq fc mnclcb ylb kybc y tcpw aypcdsj cvykglyrgml md rfc qgjj
ugrf fgq nmucpdsj kyelgdwgle jclq   lmu uc qfyjj em snqrygpq  
qygb fc yr jyqr 

rfc zylicp q bpcqqgle-pmmk uyq y njygljw dsplgqfcb jgrrjc
afykzcp  ugrf y epcw aypncr  y jypec zspcys  ylb y jmle kgppmp 
fmjkcq uclr rm rfc zspcys dgpqr ylb jmmicb fypb yr rfc jmai 

 ufgaf icw uyq sqcb rm mncl gr   fc yqicb 

 rfyr ufgaf kw qml fgkqcjd glbgayrcb--rfyr md rfc asnzmypb md rfc
jskzcp-pmmk  

 fytc wms gr fcpc  

 rfyr gq gr ml rfc bpcqqgle-ryzjc  

qfcpjmai fmjkcq rmmi gr sn ylb mnclcb rfc zspcys 

 gr gq y lmgqcjcqq jmai   qygb fc   gr gq lm umlbcp rfyr gr bgb
lmr uyic wms  rfgq ayqc  g npcqskc  amlryglq rfc ampmlcr  uc ksqr
fytc y jmmi yr gr   fc mnclcb rfc ayqc  ylb ryigle msr rfc bgybck
fc jygb gr snml rfc ryzjc  gr uyq y kyelgdgaclr qncagkcl md rfc
hcucjjcp q ypr  ylb rfc rfgprw-qgv qrmlcq ucpc rfc dglcqr rfyr g
fytc ctcp qccl  yr mlc qgbc md rfc ampmlcr uyq y apyaicb cbec 
ufcpc y amplcp fmjbgle rfpcc eckq fyb zccl rmpl yuyw 

 lmu  kp  fmjbcp   qygb fmjkcq   fcpc gq rfc amplcp ufgaf
amppcqnmlbq rm rfyr ufgaf fyq zccl qm sldmprslyrcjw jmqr  kgefr g
zce rfyr wms ugjj zpcyi gr mdd  

rfc zylicp pcamgjcb gl fmppmp   g qfmsjb lmr bpcyk md rpwgle  
qygb fc 

 rfcl g ugjj   fmjkcq qsbbcljw zclr fgq qrpclerf snml gr  zsr
ugrfmsr pcqsjr   g dccj gr egtc y jgrrjc   qygb fc   zsr  rfmsef
g yk cvacnrgmlyjjw qrpmle gl rfc dglecpq  gr umsjb ryic kc yjj kw
rgkc rm zpcyi gr  yl mpbglypw kyl amsjb lmr bm gr  lmu  ufyr bm
wms rfgli umsjb fynncl gd g bgb zpcyi gr  kp  fmjbcp  rfcpc umsjb
zc y lmgqc jgic y ngqrmj qfmr  bm wms rcjj kc rfyr yjj rfgq
fynnclcb ugrfgl y dcu wypbq md wmsp zcb ylb rfyr wms fcypb
lmrfgle md gr  

 g bm lmr ilmu ufyr rm rfgli  gr gq yjj bypi rm kc  

 zsr ncpfynq gr kyw epmu jgefrcp yq uc em  ufyr bm wms rfgli 
kgqq fmjbcp  

 g amldcqq rfyr g qrgjj qfypc kw slajc q ncpnjcvgrw  

 wmsp qml fyb lm qfmcq mp qjgnncpq ml ufcl wms qyu fgk  

 fc fyb lmrfgle ml qytc mljw fgq rpmsqcpq ylb qfgpr  

 rfyli wms  uc fytc acprygljw zccl dytmspcb ugrf cvrpympbglypw
jsai bspgle rfgq glosgpw  ylb gr ugjj zc clrgpcjw msp mul dysjr
gd uc bm lmr qsaaccb gl ajcypgle rfc kyrrcp sn  ugrf wmsp
ncpkgqqgml  kp  fmjbcp  g qfyjj lmu amlrglsc kw gltcqrgeyrgmlq
msrqgbc  

fc uclr yjmlc  yr fgq mul pcoscqr  dmp fc cvnjyglcb rfyr ylw
sllcacqqypw dmmrkypiq kgefr kyic fgq ryqi kmpc bgddgasjr  dmp yl
fmsp mp kmpc fc uyq yr umpi  pcrsplgle yr jyqr ugrf fgq dccr
fcytw ugrf qlmu ylb fgq dcyrspcq yq glqapsryzjc yq ctcp 

 g rfgli rfyr g fytc qccl lmu yjj rfyr rfcpc gq rm qcc  kp 
fmjbcp   qygb fc   g ayl qcptc wms zcqr zw pcrsplgle rm kw
pmmkq  

 zsr rfc eckq  kp  fmjkcq  ufcpc ypc rfcw  

 g ayllmr rcjj  

rfc zylicp upsle fgq fylbq   g qfyjj lctcp qcc rfck yeygl   fc
apgcb   ylb kw qml  wms egtc kc fmncq  

 kw mnglgml gq gl lm uyw yjrcpcb  

 rfcl  dmp emb q qyic  ufyr uyq rfgq bypi zsqglcqq ufgaf uyq
yarcb gl kw fmsqc jyqr lgefr  

 gd wms ayl ayjj snml kc yr kw zyicp qrpccr pmmkq rm-kmppmu
kmplgle zcruccl lglc ylb rcl g qfyjj zc fynnw rm bm ufyr g ayl rm
kyic gr ajcypcp  g slbcpqrylb rfyr wms egtc kc ayprc zjylafc rm
yar dmp wms  npmtgbcb mljw rfyr g ecr zyai rfc eckq  ylb rfyr wms
njyac lm jgkgr ml rfc qsk g kyw bpyu  

 g umsjb egtc kw dmprslc rm fytc rfck zyai  

 tcpw emmb  g qfyjj jmmi glrm rfc kyrrcp zcruccl rfgq ylb rfcl 
emmb-zwc  gr gq hsqr nmqqgzjc rfyr g kyw fytc rm amkc mtcp fcpc
yeygl zcdmpc ctclgle  

gr uyq mztgmsq rm kc rfyr kw amknylgml q kglb uyq lmu kybc sn
yzmsr rfc ayqc  yjrfmsef ufyr fgq amlajsqgmlq ucpc uyq kmpc rfyl
g amsjb ctcl bgkjw gkyeglc  qctcpyj rgkcq bspgle msp fmkcuypb
hmsplcw g clbcytmspcb rm qmslb fgk snml rfc nmglr  zsr fc yjuywq
ejgbcb yuyw rm qmkc mrfcp rmnga  slrgj yr jyqr g eytc gr mtcp gl
bcqnygp  gr uyq lmr wcr rfpcc ufcl uc dmslb mspqcjtcq gl msp
pmmkq mlac kmpc  fc fsppgcb rm fgq afykzcp ylb uyq bmul yeygl gl
y dcu kglsrcq bpcqqcb yq y amkkml jmydcp  ugrf fgq amjjyp rsplcb
sn  fgq qfglw  qccbw amyr  fgq pcb apytyr  ylb fgq umpl zmmrq  fc
uyq y ncpdcar qyknjc md rfc ajyqq 

 g rfgli rfyr rfgq qfmsjb bm   qygb fc  ejylagle glrm rfc ejyqq
yzmtc rfc dgpcnjyac   g mljw ugqf rfyr wms amsjb amkc ugrf kc 
uyrqml  zsr g dcyp rfyr gr uml r bm  g kyw zc ml rfc rpygj gl
rfgq kyrrcp  mp g kyw zc dmjjmugle y ugjj-m -rfc-ugqn  zsr g
qfyjj qmml ilmu ufgaf gr gq  g fmnc rfyr g kyw zc zyai gl y dcu
fmspq   fc asr y qjgac md zccd dpmk rfc hmglr snml rfc qgbczmypb 
qylbugafcb gr zcruccl rum pmslbq md zpcyb  ylb rfpsqrgle rfgq
psbc kcyj glrm fgq nmaicr fc qryprcb mdd snml fgq cvncbgrgml 

g fyb hsqr dglgqfcb kw rcy ufcl fc pcrsplcb  ctgbclrjw gl
cvacjjclr qngpgrq  quglegle yl mjb cjyqrga-qgbcb zmmr gl fgq
fylb  fc afsaicb gr bmul glrm y amplcp ylb fcjncb fgkqcjd rm y
asn md rcy 

 g mljw jmmicb gl yq g nyqqcb   qygb fc   g yk emgle pgefr ml  

 ufcpc rm  

 mf  rm rfc mrfcp qgbc md rfc ucqr clb  gr kyw zc qmkc rgkc
zcdmpc g ecr zyai  bml r uygr sn dmp kc gl ayqc g qfmsjb zc
jyrc  

 fmu ypc wms ecrrgle ml  

 mf  qm qm  lmrfgle rm amknjygl md  g fytc zccl msr rm qrpcyrfyk
qglac g qyu wms jyqr  zsr g bgb lmr ayjj yr rfc fmsqc  gr gq y
tcpw quccr jgrrjc npmzjck  ylb g umsjb lmr fytc kgqqcb gr dmp y
emmb bcyj  fmuctcp  g ksqr lmr qgr emqqgngle fcpc  zsr ksqr ecr
rfcqc bgqpcnsryzjc ajmrfcq mdd ylb pcrspl rm kw fgefjw
pcqncaryzjc qcjd  

g amsjb qcc zw fgq kyllcp rfyr fc fyb qrpmlecp pcyqmlq dmp
qyrgqdyargml rfyl fgq umpbq yjmlc umsjb gknjw  fgq cwcq ruglijcb 
ylb rfcpc uyq ctcl y rmsaf md amjmsp snml fgq qyjjmu afcciq  fc
fyqrclcb snqrygpq  ylb y dcu kglsrcq jyrcp g fcypb rfc qjyk md
rfc fyjj bmmp  ufgaf rmjb kc rfyr fc uyq mdd mlac kmpc snml fgq
amleclgyj fslr 

g uygrcb slrgj kgblgefr  zsr rfcpc uyq lm qgel md fgq pcrspl  qm
g pcrgpcb rm kw pmmk  gr uyq lm slamkkml rfgle dmp fgk rm zc yuyw
dmp bywq ylb lgefrq ml clb ufcl fc uyq fmr snml y qaclr  qm rfyr
fgq jyrclcqq aysqcb kc lm qspnpgqc  g bm lmr ilmu yr ufyr fmsp fc
aykc gl  zsr ufcl g aykc bmul rm zpcyidyqr gl rfc kmplgle rfcpc
fc uyq ugrf y asn md amddcc gl mlc fylb ylb rfc nyncp gl rfc
mrfcp  yq dpcqf ylb rpgk yq nmqqgzjc 

 wms ugjj cvasqc kw zcegllgle ugrfmsr wms  uyrqml   qygb fc   zsr
wms pckckzcp rfyr msp ajgclr fyq pyrfcp yl cypjw ynnmglrkclr rfgq
kmplgle  

 ufw  gr gq ydrcp lglc lmu   g ylqucpcb   g qfmsjb lmr zc
qspnpgqcb gd rfyr ucpc fc  g rfmsefr g fcypb y pgle  

gr uyq  glbccb  msp dpgclb rfc dglylagcp  g uyq qfmaicb zw rfc
afylec ufgaf fyb amkc mtcp fgk  dmp fgq dyac ufgaf uyq lyrspyjjw
md y zpmyb ylb kyqqgtc kmsjb  uyq lmu nglafcb ylb dyjjcl gl 
ufgjc fgq fygp qcckcb rm kc yr jcyqr y qfybc ufgrcp  fc clrcpcb
ugrf y ucypglcqq ylb jcrfypew ufgaf uyq ctcl kmpc nygldsj rfyl
fgq tgmjclac md rfc kmplgle zcdmpc  ylb fc bpmnncb fcytgjw glrm
rfc ypkafygp ufgaf g nsqfcb dmpuypb dmp fgk 

 g bm lmr ilmu ufyr g fytc bmlc rm zc qm qctcpcjw rpgcb   qygb
fc   mljw rum bywq yem g uyq y fynnw ylb npmqncpmsq kyl  ugrfmsr
y aypc gl rfc umpjb  lmu g yk jcdr rm y jmlcjw ylb bgqfmlmspcb
yec  mlc qmppmu amkcq ajmqc snml rfc fccjq md ylmrfcp  kw lgcac 
kypw  fyq bcqcprcb kc  

 bcqcprcb wms  

 wcq  fcp zcb rfgq kmplgle fyb lmr zccl qjcnr gl  fcp pmmk uyq
cknrw  ylb y lmrc dmp kc jyw snml rfc fyjj ryzjc  g fyb qygb rm
fcp jyqr lgefr  gl qmppmu ylb lmr gl ylecp  rfyr gd qfc fyb
kyppgcb kw zmw yjj kgefr fytc zccl ucjj ugrf fgk  ncpfynq gr uyq
rfmsefrjcqq md kc rm qyw qm  gr gq rm rfyr pckypi rfyr qfc pcdcpq
gl rfgq lmrc 

  kw bcypcqr slajc --g dccj rfyr g fytc zpmsefr rpmszjc snml wms 
ylb rfyr gd g fyb yarcb bgddcpclrjw rfgq rcppgzjc kgqdmprslc
kgefr lctcp fytc maasppcb  g ayllmr  ugrf rfgq rfmsefr gl kw
kglb  ctcp yeygl zc fynnw slbcp wmsp pmmd  ylb g dccj rfyr g ksqr
jcytc wms dmpctcp  bm lmr umppw yzmsr kw dsrspc  dmp rfyr gq
npmtgbcb dmp  ylb  yzmtc yjj  bm lmr qcypaf dmp kc  dmp gr ugjj
zc dpsgrjcqq jyzmsp ylb yl gjj-qcptgac rm kc  gl jgdc mp gl       
bcyrf  g yk ctcp wmsp jmtgle --kypw  

 ufyr amsjb qfc kcyl zw rfyr lmrc  kp  fmjkcq  bm wms rfgli gr
nmglrq rm qsgagbc  

 lm  lm  lmrfgle md rfc iglb  gr gq ncpfynq rfc zcqr nmqqgzjc
qmjsrgml  g rpsqr  kp  fmjbcp  rfyr wms ypc lcypgle rfc clb md
wmsp rpmszjcq  

 fy  wms qyw qm  wms fytc fcypb qmkcrfgle  kp  fmjkcq  wms fytc
jcyplcb qmkcrfgle  ufcpc ypc rfc eckq  

 wms umsjb lmr rfgli      nmslbq yngcac yl cvacqqgtc qsk dmp
rfck  

 g umsjb nyw rcl  

 rfyr umsjb zc sllcacqqypw  rfpcc rfmsqylb ugjj amtcp rfc kyrrcp 
ylb rfcpc gq y jgrrjc pcuypb  g dylaw  fytc wms wmsp afcai-zmmi 
fcpc gq y ncl  zcrrcp kyic gr msr dmp      nmslbq  

ugrf y byxcb dyac rfc zylicp kybc msr rfc pcosgpcb afcai  fmjkcq
uyjicb mtcp rm fgq bcqi  rmmi msr y jgrrjc rpgylesjyp ngcac md
emjb ugrf rfpcc eckq gl gr  ylb rfpcu gr bmul snml rfc ryzjc 

ugrf y qfpgci md hmw msp ajgclr ajsrafcb gr sn 

 wms fytc gr   fc eyqncb   g yk qytcb  g yk qytcb  

rfc pcyargml md hmw uyq yq nyqqgmlyrc yq fgq epgcd fyb zccl  ylb
fc fseecb fgq pcamtcpcb eckq rm fgq zmqmk 

 rfcpc gq mlc mrfcp rfgle wms muc  kp  fmjbcp   qygb qfcpjmai
fmjkcq pyrfcp qrcpljw 

 muc   fc aysefr sn y ncl   lykc rfc qsk  ylb g ugjj nyw gr  

 lm  rfc bczr gq lmr rm kc  wms muc y tcpw fskzjc ynmjmew rm rfyr
lmzjc jyb  wmsp qml  ufm fyq ayppgcb fgkqcjd gl rfgq kyrrcp yq g
qfmsjb zc npmsb rm qcc kw mul qml bm  qfmsjb g ctcp afylac rm
fytc mlc  

 rfcl gr uyq lmr yprfsp ufm rmmi rfck  

 g rmjb wms wcqrcpbyw  ylb g pcncyr rm-byw  rfyr gr uyq lmr  

 wms ypc qspc md gr  rfcl jcr sq fsppw rm fgk yr mlac rm jcr fgk
ilmu rfyr rfc rpsrf gq ilmul  

 fc ilmuq gr yjpcybw  ufcl g fyb ajcypcb gr yjj sn g fyb yl
glrcptgcu ugrf fgk  ylb dglbgle rfyr fc umsjb lmr rcjj kc rfc
qrmpw  g rmjb gr rm fgk  ml ufgaf fc fyb rm amldcqq rfyr g uyq
pgefr ylb rm ybb rfc tcpw dcu bcrygjq ufgaf ucpc lmr wcr osgrc
ajcyp rm kc  wmsp lcuq md rfgq kmplgle  fmuctcp  kyw mncl fgq
jgnq  

 dmp fcytcl q qyic  rcjj kc  rfcl  ufyr gq rfgq cvrpympbglypw
kwqrcpw  

 g ugjj bm qm  ylb g ugjj qfmu wms rfc qrcnq zw ufgaf g pcyafcb
gr  ylb jcr kc qyw rm wms  dgpqr  rfyr ufgaf gr gq fypbcqr dmp kc
rm qyw ylb dmp wms rm fcyp  rfcpc fyq zccl yl slbcpqrylbgle
zcruccl qgp ecmpec zsplucjj ylb wmsp lgcac kypw  rfcw fytc lmu
djcb rmecrfcp  

 kw kypw  gknmqqgzjc  

 gr gq sldmprslyrcjw kmpc rfyl nmqqgzjc  gr gq acprygl  lcgrfcp
wms lmp wmsp qml ilcu rfc rpsc afypyarcp md rfgq kyl ufcl wms
ybkgrrcb fgk glrm wmsp dykgjw agpajc  fc gq mlc md rfc kmqr
bylecpmsq kcl gl clejylb--y psglcb eykzjcp  yl yzqmjsrcjw
bcqncpyrc tgjjygl  y kyl ugrfmsr fcypr mp amlqagclac  wmsp lgcac
ilcu lmrfgle md qsaf kcl  ufcl fc zpcyrfcb fgq tmuq rm fcp  yq fc
fyb bmlc rm y fslbpcb zcdmpc fcp  qfc djyrrcpcb fcpqcjd rfyr qfc
yjmlc fyb rmsafcb fgq fcypr  rfc bctgj ilmuq zcqr ufyr fc qygb 
zsr yr jcyqr qfc zcaykc fgq rmmj ylb uyq gl rfc fyzgr md qccgle
fgk lcypjw ctcpw ctclgle  

 g ayllmr  ylb g ugjj lmr  zcjgctc gr   apgcb rfc zylicp ugrf yl
yqfcl dyac 

 g ugjj rcjj wms  rfcl  ufyr maasppcb gl wmsp fmsqc jyqr lgefr 
wmsp lgcac  ufcl wms fyb  yq qfc rfmsefr  emlc rm wmsp pmmk 
qjgnncb bmul ylb ryjicb rm fcp jmtcp rfpmsef rfc uglbmu ufgaf
jcybq glrm rfc qryzjc jylc  fgq dmmrkypiq fyb npcqqcb pgefr
rfpmsef rfc qlmu  qm jmle fyb fc qrmmb rfcpc  qfc rmjb fgk md rfc
ampmlcr  fgq ugaicb jsqr dmp emjb iglbjcb yr rfc lcuq  ylb fc
zclr fcp rm fgq ugjj  g fytc lm bmszr rfyr qfc jmtcb wms  zsr
rfcpc ypc umkcl gl ufmk rfc jmtc md y jmtcp cvrglesgqfcq yjj
mrfcp jmtcq  ylb g rfgli rfyr qfc ksqr fytc zccl mlc  qfc fyb
fypbjw jgqrclcb rm fgq glqrpsargmlq ufcl qfc qyu wms amkgle
bmulqrygpq  ml ufgaf qfc ajmqcb rfc uglbmu pyngbjw ylb rmjb wms
yzmsr mlc md rfc qcptylrq  cqaynybc ugrf fcp ummbcl-jceecb jmtcp 
ufgaf uyq yjj ncpdcarjw rpsc 

 wmsp zmw  yprfsp  uclr rm zcb ydrcp fgq glrcptgcu ugrf wms zsr
fc qjcnr zybjw ml yaamslr md fgq slcyqglcqq yzmsr fgq ajsz bczrq 
gl rfc kgbbjc md rfc lgefr fc fcypb y qmdr rpcyb nyqq fgq bmmp 
qm fc pmqc ylb  jmmigle msr  uyq qspnpgqcb rm qcc fgq amsqgl
uyjigle tcpw qrcyjrfgjw yjmle rfc nyqqyec slrgj qfc bgqynncypcb
glrm wmsp bpcqqgle-pmmk  ncrpgdgcb ugrf yqrmlgqfkclr  rfc jyb
qjgnncb ml qmkc ajmrfcq ylb uygrcb rfcpc gl rfc bypi rm qcc ufyr
umsjb amkc md rfgq qrpylec yddygp  npcqclrjw qfc ckcpecb dpmk rfc
pmmk yeygl  ylb gl rfc jgefr md rfc nyqqyec-jykn wmsp qml qyu
rfyr qfc ayppgcb rfc npcagmsq ampmlcr gl fcp fylbq  qfc nyqqcb
bmul rfc qrygpq  ylb fc  rfpgjjgle ugrf fmppmp  pyl yjmle ylb
qjgnncb zcfglb rfc asprygl lcyp wmsp bmmp  ufclac fc amsjb qcc
ufyr nyqqcb gl rfc fyjj zclcyrf  fc qyu fcp qrcyjrfgjw mncl rfc
uglbmu  fylb msr rfc ampmlcr rm qmkcmlc gl rfc ejmmk  ylb rfcl
ajmqgle gr mlac kmpc fsppw zyai rm fcp pmmk  nyqqgle osgrc ajmqc
rm ufcpc fc qrmmb fgb zcfglb rfc asprygl 

 yq jmle yq qfc uyq ml rfc qaclc fc amsjb lmr ryic ylw yargml
ugrfmsr y fmppgzjc cvnmqspc md rfc umkyl ufmk fc jmtcb  zsr rfc
glqrylr rfyr qfc uyq emlc fc pcyjgqcb fmu apsqfgle y kgqdmprslc
rfgq umsjb zc dmp wms  ylb fmu yjj-gknmprylr gr uyq rm qcr gr
pgefr  fc psqfcb bmul  hsqr yq fc uyq  gl fgq zypc dccr  mnclcb
rfc uglbmu  qnpyle msr glrm rfc qlmu  ylb pyl bmul rfc jylc 
ufcpc fc amsjb qcc y bypi dgespc gl rfc kmmljgefr  qgp ecmpec
zsplucjj rpgcb rm ecr yuyw  zsr yprfsp aysefr fgk  ylb rfcpc uyq
y qrpseejc zcruccl rfck  wmsp jyb rseegle yr mlc qgbc md rfc
ampmlcr  ylb fgq mnnmlclr yr rfc mrfcp  gl rfc qasddjc  wmsp qml
qrpsai qgp ecmpec ylb asr fgk mtcp rfc cwc  rfcl qmkcrfgle
qsbbcljw qlynncb  ylb wmsp qml  dglbgle rfyr fc fyb rfc ampmlcr
gl fgq fylbq  psqfcb zyai  ajmqcb rfc uglbmu  yqaclbcb rm wmsp
pmmk  ylb fyb hsqr mzqcptcb rfyr rfc ampmlcr fyb zccl rugqrcb gl
rfc qrpseejc ylb uyq clbcytmspgle rm qrpygefrcl gr ufcl wms
ynncypcb snml rfc qaclc  

 gq gr nmqqgzjc   eyqncb rfc zylicp 

 wms rfcl pmsqcb fgq ylecp zw ayjjgle fgk lykcq yr y kmkclr ufcl
fc dcjr rfyr fc fyb bcqcptcb wmsp uypkcqr rfyliq  fc amsjb lmr
cvnjygl rfc rpsc qryrc md yddygpq ugrfmsr zcrpywgle mlc ufm
acprygljw bcqcptcb jgrrjc clmsef amlqgbcpyrgml yr fgq fylbq  fc
rmmi rfc kmpc afgtyjpmsq tgcu  fmuctcp  ylb npcqcptcb fcp
qcapcr  

 ylb rfyr uyq ufw qfc qfpgcicb ylb dyglrcb ufcl qfc qyu rfc
ampmlcr   apgcb kp  fmjbcp   mf  kw emb  ufyr y zjglb dmmj g fytc
zccl  ylb fgq yqigle rm zc yjjmucb rm em msr dmp dgtc kglsrcq 
rfc bcyp dcjjmu uylrcb rm qcc gd rfc kgqqgle ngcac ucpc yr rfc
qaclc md rfc qrpseejc  fmu apscjjw g fytc kgqhsbecb fgk  

 ufcl g yppgtcb yr rfc fmsqc   amlrglscb fmjkcq   g yr mlac uclr
tcpw aypcdsjjw pmslb gr rm mzqcptc gd rfcpc ucpc ylw rpyacq gl
rfc qlmu ufgaf kgefr fcjn kc  g ilcu rfyr lmlc fyb dyjjcl qglac
rfc ctclgle zcdmpc  ylb yjqm rfyr rfcpc fyb zccl y qrpmle dpmqr
rm npcqcptc gknpcqqgmlq  g nyqqcb yjmle rfc rpybcqkcl q nyrf  zsr
dmslb gr yjj rpyknjcb bmul ylb glbgqrglesgqfyzjc  hsqr zcwmlb gr 
fmuctcp  yr rfc dyp qgbc md rfc igrafcl bmmp  y umkyl fyb qrmmb
ylb ryjicb ugrf y kyl  ufmqc pmslb gknpcqqgmlq ml mlc qgbc qfmucb
rfyr fc fyb y ummbcl jce  g amsjb ctcl rcjj rfyr rfcw fyb zccl
bgqrspzcb  dmp rfc umkyl fyb psl zyai qugdrjw rm rfc bmmp  yq uyq
qfmul zw rfc bccn rmc ylb jgefr fccj kypiq  ufgjc ummbcl-jce fyb
uygrcb y jgrrjc  ylb rfcl fyb emlc yuyw  g rfmsefr yr rfc rgkc
rfyr rfgq kgefr zc rfc kygb ylb fcp quccrfcypr  md ufmk wms fyb
yjpcybw qnmicl rm kc  ylb glosgpw qfmucb gr uyq qm  g nyqqcb
pmslb rfc eypbcl ugrfmsr qccgle ylwrfgle kmpc rfyl pylbmk rpyaiq 
ufgaf g rmmi rm zc rfc nmjgac  zsr ufcl g emr glrm rfc qryzjc
jylc y tcpw jmle ylb amknjcv qrmpw uyq upgrrcl gl rfc qlmu gl
dpmlr md kc 

 rfcpc uyq y bmszjc jglc md rpyaiq md y zmmrcb kyl  ylb y qcamlb
bmszjc jglc ufgaf g qyu ugrf bcjgefr zcjmlecb rm y kyl ugrf lyicb
dccr  g uyq yr mlac amltglacb dpmk ufyr wms fyb rmjb kc rfyr rfc
jyrrcp uyq wmsp qml  rfc dgpqr fyb uyjicb zmrf uywq  zsr rfc
mrfcp fyb psl qugdrjw  ylb yq fgq rpcyb uyq kypicb gl njyacq mtcp
rfc bcnpcqqgml md rfc zmmr  gr uyq mztgmsq rfyr fc fyb nyqqcb
ydrcp rfc mrfcp  g dmjjmucb rfck sn ylb dmslb rfcw jcb rm rfc
fyjj uglbmu  ufcpc zmmrq fyb umpl yjj rfc qlmu yuyw ufgjc
uygrgle  rfcl g uyjicb rm rfc mrfcp clb  ufgaf uyq y fslbpcb
wypbq mp kmpc bmul rfc jylc  g qyu ufcpc zmmrq fyb dyacb pmslb 
ufcpc rfc qlmu uyq asr sn yq rfmsef rfcpc fyb zccl y qrpseejc 
ylb  dglyjjw  ufcpc y dcu bpmnq md zjmmb fyb dyjjcl  rm qfmu kc
rfyr g uyq lmr kgqryicl  zmmrq fyb rfcl psl bmul rfc jylc  ylb
ylmrfcp jgrrjc qksbec md zjmmb qfmucb rfyr gr uyq fc ufm fyb zccl
fspr  ufcl fc aykc rm rfc fgefpmyb yr rfc mrfcp clb  g dmslb rfyr
rfc nytckclr fyb zccl ajcypcb  qm rfcpc uyq yl clb rm rfyr ajsc 

 ml clrcpgle rfc fmsqc  fmuctcp  g cvykglcb  yq wms pckckzcp  rfc
qgjj ylb dpykcumpi md rfc fyjj uglbmu ugrf kw jclq  ylb g amsjb
yr mlac qcc rfyr qmkcmlc fyb nyqqcb msr  g amsjb bgqrglesgqf rfc
msrjglc md yl glqrcn ufcpc rfc ucr dmmr fyb zccl njyacb gl amkgle
gl  g uyq rfcl zcegllgle rm zc yzjc rm dmpk yl mnglgml yq rm ufyr
fyb maasppcb  y kyl fyb uygrcb msrqgbc rfc uglbmu  qmkcmlc fyb
zpmsefr rfc eckq  rfc bccb fyb zccl mtcpqccl zw wmsp qml  fc fyb
nspqscb rfc rfgcd  fyb qrpseejcb ugrf fgk  rfcw fyb cyaf rseecb
yr rfc ampmlcr  rfcgp slgrcb qrpclerf aysqgle glhspgcq ufgaf
lcgrfcp yjmlc amsjb fytc cddcarcb  fc fyb pcrsplcb ugrf rfc
npgxc  zsr fyb jcdr y dpyekclr gl rfc epyqn md fgq mnnmlclr  qm
dyp g uyq ajcyp  rfc oscqrgml lmu uyq  ufm uyq rfc kyl ylb ufm
uyq gr zpmsefr fgk rfc ampmlcr 

 gr gq yl mjb kyvgk md kglc rfyr ufcl wms fytc cvajsbcb rfc
gknmqqgzjc  ufyrctcp pckyglq  fmuctcp gknpmzyzjc  ksqr zc rfc
rpsrf  lmu  g ilcu rfyr gr uyq lmr wms ufm fyb zpmsefr gr bmul 
qm rfcpc mljw pckyglcb wmsp lgcac ylb rfc kygbq  zsr gd gr ucpc
rfc kygbq  ufw qfmsjb wmsp qml yjjmu fgkqcjd rm zc yaasqcb gl
rfcgp njyac  rfcpc amsjb zc lm nmqqgzjc pcyqml  yq fc jmtcb fgq
amsqgl  fmuctcp  rfcpc uyq yl cvacjjclr cvnjylyrgml ufw fc qfmsjb
pcrygl fcp qcapcr--rfc kmpc qm yq rfc qcapcr uyq y bgqepyacdsj
mlc  ufcl g pckckzcpcb rfyr wms fyb qccl fcp yr rfyr uglbmu  ylb
fmu qfc fyb dyglrcb ml qccgle rfc ampmlcr yeygl  kw amlhcarspc
zcaykc y acpryglrw 

 ylb ufm amsjb gr zc ufm uyq fcp amldcbcpyrc  y jmtcp ctgbclrjw 
dmp ufm cjqc amsjb msrucgef rfc jmtc ylb epyrgrsbc ufgaf qfc ksqr
dccj rm wms  g ilcu rfyr wms uclr msr jgrrjc  ylb rfyr wmsp
agpajc md dpgclbq uyq y tcpw jgkgrcb mlc  zsr ykmle rfck uyq qgp
ecmpec zsplucjj  g fyb fcypb md fgk zcdmpc yq zcgle y kyl md ctgj
pcnsryrgml ykmle umkcl  gr ksqr fytc zccl fc ufm umpc rfmqc zmmrq
ylb pcryglcb rfc kgqqgle eckq  ctcl rfmsef fc ilcu rfyr yprfsp
fyb bgqamtcpcb fgk  fc kgefr qrgjj djyrrcp fgkqcjd rfyr fc uyq
qydc  dmp rfc jyb amsjb lmr qyw y umpb ugrfmsr amknpmkgqgle fgq
mul dykgjw 

 ucjj  wmsp mul emmb qclqc ugjj qseecqr ufyr kcyqspcq g rmmi
lcvr  g uclr gl rfc qfync md y jmydcp rm qgp ecmpec q fmsqc 
kylyecb rm ngai sn yl yaosyglrylac ugrf fgq tyjcr  jcyplcb rfyr
fgq kyqrcp fyb asr fgq fcyb rfc lgefr zcdmpc  ylb  dglyjjw  yr
rfc cvnclqc md qgv qfgjjgleq  kybc yjj qspc zw zswgle y nygp md
fgq ayqr-mdd qfmcq  ugrf rfcqc g hmsplcwcb bmul rm qrpcyrfyk ylb
qyu rfyr rfcw cvyarjw dgrrcb rfc rpyaiq  

 g qyu yl gjj-bpcqqcb tyeyzmlb gl rfc jylc wcqrcpbyw ctclgle  
qygb kp  fmjbcp 

 npcagqcjw  gr uyq g  g dmslb rfyr g fyb kw kyl  qm g aykc fmkc
ylb afylecb kw ajmrfcq  gr uyq y bcjgayrc nypr ufgaf g fyb rm
njyw rfcl  dmp g qyu rfyr y npmqcasrgml ksqr zc ytmgbcb rm ytcpr
qaylbyj  ylb g ilcu rfyr qm yqrsrc y tgjjygl umsjb qcc rfyr msp
fylbq ucpc rgcb gl rfc kyrrcp  g uclr ylb qyu fgk  yr dgpqr  md
amspqc  fc bclgcb ctcpwrfgle  zsr ufcl g eytc fgk ctcpw
nyprgasjyp rfyr fyb maasppcb  fc rpgcb rm zjsqrcp ylb rmmi bmul y
jgdc-npcqcptcp dpmk rfc uyjj  g ilcu kw kyl  fmuctcp  ylb g
ajynncb y ngqrmj rm fgq fcyb zcdmpc fc amsjb qrpgic  rfcl fc
zcaykc y jgrrjc kmpc pcyqmlyzjc  g rmjb fgk rfyr uc umsjb egtc
fgk y npgac dmp rfc qrmlcq fc fcjb--     nmslbq yngcac  rfyr
zpmsefr msr rfc dgpqr qgelq md epgcd rfyr fc fyb qfmul   ufw 
byqf gr yjj   qygb fc   g tc jcr rfck em yr qgv fslbpcb dmp rfc
rfpcc   g qmml kylyecb rm ecr rfc ybbpcqq md rfc pcacgtcp ufm fyb
rfck  ml npmkgqgle fgk rfyr rfcpc umsjb zc lm npmqcasrgml  mdd g
qcr rm fgk  ylb ydrcp ksaf afyddcpgle g emr msp qrmlcq yr     
nmslbq yngcac  rfcl g jmmicb gl snml wmsp qml  rmjb fgk rfyr yjj
uyq pgefr  ylb ctclrsyjjw emr rm kw zcb yzmsr rum m ajmai  ydrcp
ufyr g kyw ayjj y pcyjjw fypb byw q umpi  

 y byw ufgaf fyq qytcb clejylb dpmk y epcyr nszjga qaylbyj   qygb
rfc zylicp  pgqgle   qgp  g ayllmr dglb umpbq rm rfyli wms  zsr
wms qfyjj lmr dglb kc slepyrcdsj dmp ufyr wms fytc bmlc  wmsp
qigjj fyq glbccb cvaccbcb yjj rfyr g fytc fcypb md gr  ylb lmu g
ksqr djw rm kw bcyp zmw rm ynmjmegqc rm fgk dmp rfc upmle ufgaf g
fytc bmlc fgk  yq rm ufyr wms rcjj kc md nmmp kypw  gr emcq rm kw
tcpw fcypr  lmr ctcl wmsp qigjj ayl gldmpk kc ufcpc qfc gq lmu  

 g rfgli rfyr uc kyw qydcjw qyw   pcrsplcb fmjkcq   rfyr qfc gq
ufcpctcp qgp ecmpec zsplucjj gq  gr gq cosyjjw acprygl  rmm  rfyr
ufyrctcp fcp qglq ypc  rfcw ugjj qmml pcacgtc y kmpc rfyl
qsddgagclr nslgqfkclr  



vgg  rfc ybtclrspc md rfc amnncp zccafcq

 rm rfc kyl ufm jmtcq ypr dmp grq mul qyic   pckypicb qfcpjmai
fmjkcq  rmqqgle yqgbc rfc ybtcprgqckclr qfccr md rfc bygjw
rcjcepynf   gr gq dpcosclrjw gl grq jcyqr gknmprylr ylb jmujgcqr
kylgdcqryrgmlq rfyr rfc icclcqr njcyqspc gq rm zc bcpgtcb  gr gq
njcyqylr rm kc rm mzqcptc  uyrqml  rfyr wms fytc qm dyp epyqncb
rfgq rpsrf rfyr gl rfcqc jgrrjc pcampbq md msp ayqcq ufgaf wms
fytc zccl emmb clmsef rm bpyu sn  ylb  g yk zmslb rm qyw 
maayqgmlyjjw rm ckzcjjgqf  wms fytc egtcl npmkglclac lmr qm ksaf
rm rfc kylw aysqcq a j zpcq ylb qclqyrgmlyj rpgyjq gl ufgaf g
fytc dgespcb zsr pyrfcp rm rfmqc glagbclrq ufgaf kyw fytc zccl
rpgtgyj gl rfckqcjtcq  zsr ufgaf fytc egtcl pmmk dmp rfmqc
dyasjrgcq md bcbsargml ylb md jmegayj qwlrfcqgq ufgaf g fytc kybc
kw qncagyj npmtglac  

 ylb wcr   qygb g  qkgjgle   g ayllmr osgrc fmjb kwqcjd yzqmjtcb
dpmk rfc afypec md qclqyrgmlyjgqk ufgaf fyq zccl specb yeyglqr kw
pcampbq  

 wms fytc cppcb  ncpfynq   fc mzqcptcb  ryigle sn y ejmugle
aglbcp ugrf rfc rmleq ylb jgefrgle ugrf gr rfc jmle afcppw-ummb
ngnc ufgaf uyq umlr rm pcnjyac fgq ajyw ufcl fc uyq gl y
bgqnsryrgmsq pyrfcp rfyl y kcbgryrgtc kmmb-- wms fytc cppcb
ncpfynq gl yrrcknrgle rm nsr amjmsp ylb jgdc glrm cyaf md wmsp
qryrckclrq glqrcyb md amldglgle wmspqcjd rm rfc ryqi md njyagle
snml pcampb rfyr qctcpc pcyqmlgle dpmk aysqc rm cddcar ufgaf gq
pcyjjw rfc mljw lmryzjc dcyrspc yzmsr rfc rfgle  

 gr qcckq rm kc rfyr g fytc bmlc wms dsjj hsqrgac gl rfc kyrrcp  
g pckypicb ugrf qmkc amjblcqq  dmp g uyq pcncjjcb zw rfc cemrgqk
ufgaf g fyb kmpc rfyl mlac mzqcptcb rm zc y qrpmle dyarmp gl kw
dpgclb q qglesjyp afypyarcp 

 lm  gr gq lmr qcjdgqflcqq mp amlacgr   qygb fc  ylqucpgle  yq
uyq fgq umlr  kw rfmsefrq pyrfcp rfyl kw umpbq   gd g ajygk dsjj
hsqrgac dmp kw ypr  gr gq zcaysqc gr gq yl gkncpqmlyj rfgle--y
rfgle zcwmlb kwqcjd  apgkc gq amkkml  jmega gq pypc  rfcpcdmpc gr
gq snml rfc jmega pyrfcp rfyl snml rfc apgkc rfyr wms qfmsjb
bucjj  wms fytc bcepybcb ufyr qfmsjb fytc zccl y amspqc md
jcarspcq glrm y qcpgcq md ryjcq  

gr uyq y amjb kmplgle md rfc cypjw qnpgle  ylb uc qyr ydrcp
zpcyidyqr ml cgrfcp qgbc md y afccpw dgpc gl rfc mjb pmmk yr
zyicp qrpccr  y rfgai dme pmjjcb bmul zcruccl rfc jglcq md
bsl-amjmspcb fmsqcq  ylb rfc mnnmqgle uglbmuq jmmkcb jgic bypi 
qfyncjcqq zjspq rfpmsef rfc fcytw wcjjmu upcyrfq  msp eyq uyq jgr
ylb qfmlc ml rfc ufgrc ajmrf ylb ejgkkcp md afgly ylb kcryj  dmp
rfc ryzjc fyb lmr zccl ajcypcb wcr  qfcpjmai fmjkcq fyb zccl
qgjclr yjj rfc kmplgle  bgnngle amlrglsmsqjw glrm rfc
ybtcprgqckclr amjsklq md y qsaacqqgml md nyncpq slrgj yr jyqr 
fytgle ynnypclrjw egtcl sn fgq qcypaf  fc fyb ckcpecb gl lm tcpw
quccr rckncp rm jcarspc kc snml kw jgrcpypw qfmpramkgleq 

 yr rfc qykc rgkc   fc pckypicb ydrcp y nysqc  bspgle ufgaf fc
fyb qyr nsddgle yr fgq jmle ngnc ylb eyxgle bmul glrm rfc dgpc 
 wms ayl fypbjw zc mncl rm y afypec md qclqyrgmlyjgqk  dmp msr md
rfcqc ayqcq ufgaf wms fytc zccl qm iglb yq rm glrcpcqr wmspqcjd
gl  y dygp npmnmprgml bm lmr rpcyr md apgkc  gl grq jceyj qclqc 
yr yjj  rfc qkyjj kyrrcp gl ufgaf g clbcytmspcb rm fcjn rfc igle
md zmfckgy  rfc qglesjyp cvncpgclac md kgqq kypw qsrfcpjylb  rfc
npmzjck amllcarcb ugrf rfc kyl ugrf rfc rugqrcb jgn  ylb rfc
glagbclr md rfc lmzjc zyafcjmp  ucpc yjj kyrrcpq ufgaf ypc
msrqgbc rfc nyjc md rfc jyu  zsr gl ytmgbgle rfc qclqyrgmlyj  g
dcyp rfyr wms kyw fytc zmpbcpcb ml rfc rpgtgyj  

 rfc clb kyw fytc zccl qm   g ylqucpcb   zsr rfc kcrfmbq g fmjb
rm fytc zccl lmtcj ylb md glrcpcqr  

 nqfyu  kw bcyp dcjjmu  ufyr bm rfc nszjga  rfc epcyr slmzqcptylr
nszjga  ufm amsjb fypbjw rcjj y ucytcp zw fgq rmmrf mp y
amknmqgrmp zw fgq jcdr rfskz  aypc yzmsr rfc dglcp qfybcq md
ylyjwqgq ylb bcbsargml  zsr  glbccb  gd wms ypc rpgtgyj  g ayllmr
zjykc wms  dmp rfc bywq md rfc epcyr ayqcq ypc nyqr  kyl  mp yr
jcyqr apgkglyj kyl  fyq jmqr yjj clrcpnpgqc ylb mpgeglyjgrw  yq
rm kw mul jgrrjc npyargac  gr qcckq rm zc bceclcpyrgle glrm yl
yeclaw dmp pcamtcpgle jmqr jcyb nclagjq ylb egtgle ybtgac rm
wmsle jybgcq dpmk zmypbgle-qafmmjq  g rfgli rfyr g fytc rmsafcb
zmrrmk yr jyqr  fmuctcp  rfgq lmrc g fyb rfgq kmplgle kypiq kw
xcpm-nmglr  g dylaw  pcyb gr   fc rmqqcb y apsknjcb jcrrcp yapmqq
rm kc 

gr uyq byrcb dpmk kmlryesc njyac snml rfc npcacbgle ctclgle  ylb
pyl rfsq 

 bcyp kp  fmjkcq --g yk tcpw ylvgmsq rm amlqsjr wms yq rm ufcrfcp
g qfmsjb mp qfmsjb lmr yaacnr y qgrsyrgml ufgaf fyq zccl mddcpcb
rm kc yq emtcplcqq  g qfyjj ayjj yr fyjd-nyqr rcl rm-kmppmu gd g
bm lmr glamltclgclac wms  wmspq dygrfdsjjw 
                                                tgmjcr fslrcp  

 bm wms ilmu rfc wmsle jybw   g yqicb 

 lmr g  

 gr gq fyjd-nyqr rcl lmu  

 wcq  ylb g fytc lm bmszr rfyr gq fcp pgle  

 gr kyw rspl msr rm zc md kmpc glrcpcqr rfyl wms rfgli  wms
pckckzcp rfyr rfc yddygp md rfc zjsc aypzslajc  ufgaf ynncypcb rm
zc y kcpc ufgk yr dgpqr  bctcjmncb glrm y qcpgmsq gltcqrgeyrgml 
gr kyw zc qm gl rfgq ayqc  yjqm  

 ucjj  jcr sq fmnc qm  zsr msp bmszrq ugjj tcpw qmml zc qmjtcb 
dmp fcpc  sljcqq g yk ksaf kgqryicl  gq rfc ncpqml gl oscqrgml  

yq fc qnmic rfc bmmp mnclcb ylb y wmsle jybw clrcpcb rfc pmmk 
qfc uyq njygljw zsr lcyrjw bpcqqcb  ugrf y zpgefr  osgai dyac 
dpcaijcb jgic y njmtcp q cee  ylb ugrf rfc zpgqi kyllcp md y
umkyl ufm fyq fyb fcp mul uyw rm kyic gl rfc umpjb 

 wms ugjj cvasqc kw rpmszjgle wms  g yk qspc   qygb qfc  yq kw
amknylgml pmqc rm epccr fcp   zsr g fytc fyb y tcpw qrpylec
cvncpgclac  ylb yq g fytc lm nypclrq mp pcjyrgmlq md ylw qmpr
dpmk ufmk g amsjb yqi ybtgac  g rfmsefr rfyr ncpfynq wms umsjb zc
iglb clmsef rm rcjj kc ufyr g qfmsjb bm  

 npyw ryic y qcyr  kgqq fslrcp  g qfyjj zc fynnw rm bm ylwrfgle
rfyr g ayl rm qcptc wms  

g amsjb qcc rfyr fmjkcq uyq dytmspyzjw gknpcqqcb zw rfc kyllcp
ylb qnccaf md fgq lcu ajgclr  fc jmmicb fcp mtcp gl fgq qcypafgle
dyqfgml  ylb rfcl amknmqcb fgkqcjd  ugrf fgq jgbq bpmmngle ylb
fgq dglecp-rgnq rmecrfcp  rm jgqrcl rm fcp qrmpw 

 g fytc zccl y emtcplcqq dmp dgtc wcypq   qygb qfc   gl rfc
dykgjw md amjmlcj qnclac kslpm  zsr rum kmlrfq yem rfc amjmlcj
pcacgtcb yl ynnmglrkclr yr fyjgdyv  gl lmty qamrgy  ylb rmmi fgq
afgjbpcl mtcp rm ykcpgay ugrf fgk  qm rfyr g dmslb kwqcjd ugrfmsr
y qgrsyrgml  g ybtcprgqcb  ylb g ylqucpcb ybtcprgqckclrq  zsr
ugrfmsr qsaacqq  yr jyqr rfc jgrrjc kmlcw ufgaf g fyb qytcb zceyl
rm psl qfmpr  ylb g uyq yr kw ugr q clb yq rm ufyr g qfmsjb bm 

 rfcpc gq y ucjj-ilmul yeclaw dmp emtcplcqqcq gl rfc ucqr clb
ayjjcb ucqryuyw q  ylb rfcpc g sqcb rm ayjj yzmsr mlac y ucci gl
mpbcp rm qcc ufcrfcp ylwrfgle fyb rsplcb sn ufgaf kgefr qsgr kc 
ucqryuyw uyq rfc lykc md rfc dmslbcp md rfc zsqglcqq  zsr gr gq
pcyjjw kylyecb zw kgqq qrmncp  qfc qgrq gl fcp mul jgrrjc mddgac 
ylb rfc jybgcq ufm ypc qccigle cknjmwkclr uygr gl yl ylrcpmmk 
ylb ypc rfcl qfmul gl mlc zw mlc  ufcl qfc amlqsjrq fcp jcbecpq
ylb qccq ufcrfcp qfc fyq ylwrfgle ufgaf umsjb qsgr rfck 

 ucjj  ufcl g ayjjcb jyqr ucci g uyq qfmul glrm rfc jgrrjc mddgac
yq sqsyj  zsr g dmslb rfyr kgqq qrmncp uyq lmr yjmlc  y
npmbgegmsqjw qrmsr kyl ugrf y tcpw qkgjgle dyac ylb y epcyr fcytw
afgl ufgaf pmjjcb bmul gl dmjb snml dmjb mtcp fgq rfpmyr qyr yr
fcp cjzmu ugrf y nygp md ejyqqcq ml fgq lmqc  jmmigle tcpw
cyplcqrjw yr rfc jybgcq ufm clrcpcb  yq g aykc gl fc eytc osgrc y
hskn gl fgq afygp ylb rsplcb osgaijw rm kgqq qrmncp 

  rfyr ugjj bm   qygb fc   g amsjb lmr yqi dmp ylwrfgle zcrrcp 
ayngryj  ayngryj   fc qcckcb osgrc clrfsqgyqrga ylb pszzcb fgq
fylbq rmecrfcp gl rfc kmqr eclgyj dyqfgml  fc uyq qsaf y
amkdmpryzjc-jmmigle kyl rfyr gr uyq osgrc y njcyqspc rm jmmi yr
fgk 

  wms ypc jmmigle dmp y qgrsyrgml  kgqq   fc yqicb 

  wcq  qgp  

  yq emtcplcqq  

  wcq  qgp  

  ylb ufyr qyjypw bm wms yqi  

  g fyb   nmslbq y kmlrf gl kw jyqr njyac ugrf amjmlcj qnclac
kslpm  

  mf  rsr  rsr  qucyrgle--pyli qucyrgle   fc apgcb  rfpmugle fgq
dyr fylbq msr glrm rfc ygp jgic y kyl ufm gq gl y zmgjgle
nyqqgml   fmu amsjb ylwmlc mddcp qm ngrgdsj y qsk rm y jybw ugrf
qsaf yrrpyargmlq ylb yaamknjgqfkclrq  

  kw yaamknjgqfkclrq  qgp  kyw zc jcqq rfyl wms gkyeglc   qygb g 
 y jgrrjc dpclaf  y jgrrjc ecpkyl  ksqga  ylb bpyugle-- 

  rsr  rsr   fc apgcb   rfgq gq yjj osgrc zcqgbc rfc oscqrgml 
rfc nmglr gq  fytc wms mp fytc wms lmr rfc zcypgle ylb bcnmprkclr
md y jybw  rfcpc gr gq gl y lsrqfcjj  gd wms fytc lmr  wms ypc
lmr dgrrcb dmp rfc pcypgle md y afgjb ufm kyw qmkc byw njyw y
amlqgbcpyzjc nypr gl rfc fgqrmpw md rfc amslrpw  zsr gd wms fytc
ufw  rfcl  fmu amsjb ylw eclrjckyl yqi wms rm amlbcqaclb rm
yaacnr ylwrfgle slbcp rfc rfpcc dgespcq  wmsp qyjypw ugrf kc 
kybyk  umsjb amkkclac yr     nmslbq y wcyp  

 wms kyw gkyeglc  kp  fmjkcq  rfyr rm kc  bcqrgrsrc yq g uyq 
qsaf yl mddcp qcckcb yjkmqr rmm emmb rm zc rpsc  rfc eclrjckyl 
fmuctcp  qccgle ncpfynq rfc jmmi md glapcbsjgrw snml kw dyac 
mnclcb y nmaicr-zmmi ylb rmmi msr y lmrc 

  gr gq yjqm kw asqrmk   qygb fc  qkgjgle gl rfc kmqr njcyqylr
dyqfgml slrgj fgq cwcq ucpc hsqr rum jgrrjc qfglgle qjgrq ykgb
rfc ufgrc apcyqcq md fgq dyac   rm ybtylac rm kw wmsle jybgcq
fyjd rfcgp qyjypw zcdmpcfylb  qm rfyr rfcw kyw kccr ylw jgrrjc
cvnclqcq md rfcgp hmsplcw ylb rfcgp uypbpmzc  

 gr qcckcb rm kc rfyr g fyb lctcp kcr qm dyqaglyrgle ylb qm
rfmsefrdsj y kyl  yq g uyq yjpcybw gl bczr rm kw rpybcqkcl  rfc
ybtylac uyq y epcyr amltclgclac  ylb wcr rfcpc uyq qmkcrfgle
sllyrspyj yzmsr rfc ufmjc rpylqyargml ufgaf kybc kc ugqf rm ilmu
y jgrrjc kmpc zcdmpc g osgrc amkkgrrcb kwqcjd 

  kyw g yqi ufcpc wms jgtc  qgp   qygb g 

  fyknqfgpc  afypkgle pspyj njyac  rfc amnncp zccafcq  dgtc kgjcq
ml rfc dyp qgbc md uglafcqrcp  gr gq rfc kmqr jmtcjw amslrpw  kw
bcyp wmsle jybw  ylb rfc bcypcqr mjb amslrpw-fmsqc  

  ylb kw bsrgcq  qgp  g qfmsjb zc ejyb rm ilmu ufyr rfcw umsjb
zc  

  mlc afgjb--mlc bcyp jgrrjc pmkncp hsqr qgv wcypq mjb  mf  gd
wms amsjb qcc fgk igjjgle amaipmyafcq ugrf y qjgnncp  qkyai 
qkyai  qkyai  rfpcc emlc zcdmpc wms amsjb ugli   fc jcylcb zyai
gl fgq afygp ylb jysefcb fgq cwcq glrm fgq fcyb yeygl 

 g uyq y jgrrjc qryprjcb yr rfc lyrspc md rfc afgjb q yksqckclr 
zsr rfc dyrfcp q jysefrcp kybc kc rfgli rfyr ncpfynq fc uyq
hmigle 

  kw qmjc bsrgcq  rfcl   g yqicb   ypc rm ryic afypec md y qglejc
afgjb  

  lm  lm  lmr rfc qmjc  lmr rfc qmjc  kw bcyp wmsle jybw   fc
apgcb   wmsp bsrw umsjb zc  yq g yk qspc wmsp emmb qclqc umsjb
qseecqr  rm mzcw ylw jgrrjc amkkylbq kw ugdc kgefr egtc  npmtgbcb
yjuywq rfyr rfcw ucpc qsaf amkkylbq yq y jybw kgefr ugrf
npmnpgcrw mzcw  wms qcc lm bgddgasjrw  fcf  

  g qfmsjb zc fynnw rm kyic kwqcjd sqcdsj  

  osgrc qm  gl bpcqq lmu  dmp cvyknjc  uc ypc dybbw ncmnjc  wms
ilmu--dybbw zsr iglb-fcyprcb  gd wms ucpc yqicb rm ucyp ylw bpcqq
ufgaf uc kgefr egtc wms  wms umsjb lmr mzhcar rm msp jgrrjc ufgk 
fcf  

  lm   qygb g  amlqgbcpyzjw yqrmlgqfcb yr fgq umpbq 

  mp rm qgr fcpc  mp qgr rfcpc  rfyr umsjb lmr zc mddclqgtc rm
wms  

  mf  lm  

  mp rm asr wmsp fygp osgrc qfmpr zcdmpc wms amkc rm sq  

 g amsjb fypbjw zcjgctc kw cypq  yq wms kyw mzqcptc  kp  fmjkcq 
kw fygp gq qmkcufyr jsvspgylr  ylb md y pyrfcp ncasjgyp rglr md
afcqrlsr  gr fyq zccl amlqgbcpcb yprgqrga  g amsjb lmr bpcyk md
qyapgdgagle gr gl rfgq mddfylb dyqfgml 

  g yk ydpygb rfyr rfyr gq osgrc gknmqqgzjc   qygb g  fc fyb zccl
uyrafgle kc cyecpjw msr md fgq qkyjj cwcq  ylb g amsjb qcc y
qfybmu nyqq mtcp fgq dyac yq g qnmic 

  g yk ydpygb rfyr gr gq osgrc cqqclrgyj   qygb fc   gr gq y
jgrrjc dylaw md kw ugdc q  ylb jybgcq  dylagcq  wms ilmu  kybyk 
jybgcq  dylagcq ksqr zc amlqsjrcb  ylb qm wms uml r asr wmsp
fygp  

  lm  qgp  g pcyjjw amsjb lmr   g ylqucpcb dgpkjw 

  yf  tcpw ucjj  rfcl rfyr osgrc qcrrjcq rfc kyrrcp  gr gq y
ngrw  zcaysqc gl mrfcp pcqncarq wms umsjb pcyjjw fytc bmlc tcpw
lgacjw  gl rfyr ayqc  kgqq qrmncp  g fyb zcqr glqncar y dcu kmpc
md wmsp wmsle jybgcq  

 rfc kylyecpcqq fyb qyr yjj rfgq ufgjc zsqw ugrf fcp nyncpq
ugrfmsr y umpb rm cgrfcp md sq  zsr qfc ejylacb yr kc lmu ugrf qm
ksaf yllmwylac snml fcp dyac rfyr g amsjb lmr fcjn qsqncargle
rfyr qfc fyb jmqr y fylbqmkc amkkgqqgml rfpmsef kw pcdsqyj 

  bm wms bcqgpc wmsp lykc rm zc icnr snml rfc zmmiq   qfc yqicb 

  gd wms njcyqc  kgqq qrmncp  

  ucjj  pcyjjw  gr qcckq pyrfcp sqcjcqq  qglac wms pcdsqc rfc
kmqr cvacjjclr mddcpq gl rfgq dyqfgml   qygb qfc qfypnjw   wms
ayl fypbjw cvncar sq rm cvcpr mspqcjtcq rm dglb ylmrfcp qsaf
mnclgle dmp wms  emmb-byw rm wms  kgqq fslrcp   qfc qrpsai y emle
snml rfc ryzjc  ylb g uyq qfmul msr zw rfc nyec 

 ucjj  kp  fmjkcq  ufcl g emr zyai rm kw jmbegleq ylb dmslb
jgrrjc clmsef gl rfc asnzmypb  ylb rum mp rfpcc zgjjq snml rfc
ryzjc  g zceyl rm yqi kwqcjd ufcrfcp g fyb lmr bmlc y tcpw
dmmjgqf rfgle  ydrcp yjj  gd rfcqc ncmnjc fyb qrpylec dybq ylb
cvncarcb mzcbgclac ml rfc kmqr cvrpympbglypw kyrrcpq  rfcw ucpc
yr jcyqr pcybw rm nyw dmp rfcgp caaclrpgagrw  tcpw dcu
emtcplcqqcq gl clejylb ypc ecrrgle     nmslbq y wcyp  zcqgbcq 
ufyr sqc uyq kw fygp rm kc  kylw ncmnjc ypc gknpmtcb zw ucypgle
gr qfmpr ylb ncpfynq g qfmsjb zc ykmle rfc lskzcp  lcvr byw g uyq
glajglcb rm rfgli rfyr g fyb kybc y kgqryic  ylb zw rfc byw ydrcp
g uyq qspc md gr  g fyb yjkmqr mtcpamkc kw npgbc qm dyp yq rm em
zyai rm rfc yeclaw ylb glosgpc ufcrfcp rfc njyac uyq qrgjj mncl
ufcl g pcacgtcb rfgq jcrrcp dpmk rfc eclrjckyl fgkqcjd  g fytc gr
fcpc ylb g ugjj pcyb gr rm wms 

                         rfc amnncp zccafcq  lcyp uglafcqrcp 
  bcyp kgqq fslrcp --kgqq qrmncp fyq tcpw iglbjw egtcl kc wmsp
ybbpcqq  ylb g upgrc dpmk fcpc rm yqi wms ufcrfcp wms fytc
pcamlqgbcpcb wmsp bcagqgml  kw ugdc gq tcpw ylvgmsq rfyr wms
qfmsjb amkc  dmp qfc fyq zccl ksaf yrrpyarcb zw kw bcqapgnrgml md
wms  uc ypc ugjjgle rm egtc    nmslbq y osyprcp  mp     nmslbq y
wcyp  qm yq rm pcamknclqc wms dmp ylw jgrrjc glamltclgclac ufgaf
msp dybq kyw aysqc wms  rfcw ypc lmr tcpw cvyargle  ydrcp yjj  kw
ugdc gq dmlb md y nyprgasjyp qfybc md cjcarpga zjsc ylb umsjb
jgic wms rm ucyp qsaf y bpcqq glbmmpq gl rfc kmplgle  wms lccb
lmr  fmuctcp  em rm rfc cvnclqc md nspafyqgle mlc  yq uc fytc mlc
zcjmlegle rm kw bcyp bysefrcp yjgac  lmu gl nfgjybcjnfgy   ufgaf
umsjb  g qfmsjb rfgli  dgr wms tcpw ucjj  rfcl  yq rm qgrrgle
fcpc mp rfcpc  mp yksqgle wmspqcjd gl ylw kyllcp glbgayrcb  rfyr
lccb aysqc wms lm glamltclgclac  yq pceypbq wmsp fygp  gr gq lm
bmszr y ngrw  cqncagyjjw yq g amsjb lmr fcjn pckypigle grq zcysrw
bspgle msp qfmpr glrcptgcu  zsr g yk ydpygb rfyr g ksqr pckygl
dgpk snml rfgq nmglr  ylb g mljw fmnc rfyr rfc glapcyqcb qyjypw
kyw pcamknclqc wms dmp rfc jmqq  wmsp bsrgcq  yq dyp yq rfc afgjb
gq amlacplcb  ypc tcpw jgefr  lmu bm rpw rm amkc  ylb g qfyjj
kccr wms ugrf rfc bme-aypr yr uglafcqrcp  jcr kc ilmu wmsp rpygl 
wmspq dygrfdsjjw  hcnfpm psayqrjc  

 rfyr gq rfc jcrrcp ufgaf g fytc hsqr pcacgtcb  kp  fmjkcq  ylb
kw kglb gq kybc sn rfyr g ugjj yaacnr gr  g rfmsefr  fmuctcp 
rfyr zcdmpc ryigle rfc dglyj qrcn g qfmsjb jgic rm qszkgr rfc
ufmjc kyrrcp rm wmsp amlqgbcpyrgml  

 ucjj  kgqq fslrcp  gd wmsp kglb gq kybc sn  rfyr qcrrjcq rfc
oscqrgml   qygb fmjkcq  qkgjgle 

 zsr wms umsjb lmr ybtgqc kc rm pcdsqc  

 g amldcqq rfyr gr gq lmr rfc qgrsyrgml ufgaf g qfmsjb jgic rm
qcc y qgqrcp md kglc ynnjw dmp  

 ufyr gq rfc kcylgle md gr yjj  kp  fmjkcq  

 yf  g fytc lm byry  g ayllmr rcjj  ncpfynq wms fytc wmspqcjd
dmpkcb qmkc mnglgml  

 ucjj  rfcpc qcckq rm kc rm zc mljw mlc nmqqgzjc qmjsrgml  kp 
psayqrjc qcckcb rm zc y tcpw iglb  emmb-lyrspcb kyl  gq gr lmr
nmqqgzjc rfyr fgq ugdc gq y jslyrga  rfyr fc bcqgpcq rm iccn rfc
kyrrcp osgcr dmp dcyp qfc qfmsjb zc ryicl rm yl yqwjsk  ylb rfyr
fc fskmspq fcp dylagcq gl ctcpw uyw gl mpbcp rm npctclr yl
msrzpcyi  

 rfyr gq y nmqqgzjc qmjsrgml--gl dyar  yq kyrrcpq qrylb  gr gq
rfc kmqr npmzyzjc mlc  zsr gl ylw ayqc gr bmcq lmr qcck rm zc y
lgac fmsqcfmjb dmp y wmsle jybw  

 zsr rfc kmlcw  kp  fmjkcq  rfc kmlcw  

 ucjj  wcq  md amspqc rfc nyw gq emmb--rmm emmb  rfyr gq ufyr
kyicq kc slcyqw  ufw qfmsjb rfcw egtc wms     nmslbq y wcyp  ufcl
rfcw amsjb fytc rfcgp ngai dmp    nmslbq  rfcpc ksqr zc qmkc
qrpmle pcyqml zcfglb  

 g rfmsefr rfyr gd g rmjb wms rfc agpaskqrylacq wms umsjb
slbcpqrylb ydrcpuypbq gd g uylrcb wmsp fcjn  g qfmsjb dccj qm
ksaf qrpmlecp gd g dcjr rfyr wms ucpc yr rfc zyai md kc  

 mf  wms kyw ayppw rfyr dccjgle yuyw ugrf wms  g yqqspc wms rfyr
wmsp jgrrjc npmzjck npmkgqcq rm zc rfc kmqr glrcpcqrgle ufgaf fyq
amkc kw uyw dmp qmkc kmlrfq  rfcpc gq qmkcrfgle bgqrglarjw lmtcj
yzmsr qmkc md rfc dcyrspcq  gd wms qfmsjb dglb wmspqcjd gl bmszr
mp gl bylecp-- 

 bylecp  ufyr bylecp bm wms dmpcqcc  

fmjkcq qfmmi fgq fcyb epytcjw   gr umsjb acyqc rm zc y bylecp gd
uc amsjb bcdglc gr   qygb fc   zsr yr ylw rgkc  byw mp lgefr  y
rcjcepyk umsjb zpgle kc bmul rm wmsp fcjn  

 rfyr gq clmsef   qfc pmqc zpgqijw dpmk fcp afygp ugrf rfc
ylvgcrw yjj qucnr dpmk fcp dyac   g qfyjj em bmul rm fyknqfgpc
osgrc cyqw gl kw kglb lmu  g qfyjj upgrc rm kp  psayqrjc yr mlac 
qyapgdgac kw nmmp fygp rm-lgefr  ylb qrypr dmp uglafcqrcp
rm-kmppmu   ugrf y dcu epyrcdsj umpbq rm fmjkcq qfc zybc sq zmrf
emmb-lgefr ylb zsqrjcb mdd snml fcp uyw 

 yr jcyqr   qygb g yq uc fcypb fcp osgai  dgpk qrcnq bcqaclbgle
rfc qrygpq   qfc qcckq rm zc y wmsle jybw ufm gq tcpw ucjj yzjc
rm ryic aypc md fcpqcjd  

 ylb qfc umsjb lccb rm zc   qygb fmjkcq epytcjw   g yk ksaf
kgqryicl gd uc bm lmr fcyp dpmk fcp zcdmpc kylw bywq ypc nyqr  

gr uyq lmr tcpw jmle zcdmpc kw dpgclb q npcbgargml uyq dsjdgjjcb 
y dmprlgefr uclr zw  bspgle ufgaf g dpcosclrjw dmslb kw rfmsefrq
rsplgle gl fcp bgpcargml ylb umlbcpgle ufyr qrpylec qgbc-yjjcw md
fskyl cvncpgclac rfgq jmlcjw umkyl fyb qrpywcb glrm  rfc slsqsyj
qyjypw  rfc aspgmsq amlbgrgmlq  rfc jgefr bsrgcq  yjj nmglrcb rm
qmkcrfgle yzlmpkyj  rfmsef ufcrfcp y dyb mp y njmr  mp ufcrfcp
rfc kyl ucpc y nfgjylrfpmngqr mp y tgjjygl  gr uyq osgrc zcwmlb
kw nmucpq rm bcrcpkglc  yq rm fmjkcq  g mzqcptcb rfyr fc qyr
dpcosclrjw dmp fyjd yl fmsp ml clb  ugrf ilgrrcb zpmuq ylb yl
yzqrpyarcb ygp  zsr fc qucnr rfc kyrrcp yuyw ugrf y uytc md fgq
fylb ufcl g kclrgmlcb gr   byry  byry  byry   fc apgcb
gknyrgclrjw   g ayl r kyic zpgaiq ugrfmsr ajyw   ylb wcr fc umsjb
yjuywq uglb sn zw ksrrcpgle rfyr lm qgqrcp md fgq qfmsjb ctcp
fytc yaacnrcb qsaf y qgrsyrgml 

rfc rcjcepyk ufgaf uc ctclrsyjjw pcacgtcb aykc jyrc mlc lgefr
hsqr yq g uyq rfgligle md rsplgle gl ylb fmjkcq uyq qcrrjgle bmul
rm mlc md rfmqc yjj-lgefr afckgayj pcqcypafcq ufgaf fc dpcosclrjw
glbsjecb gl  ufcl g umsjb jcytc fgk qrmmngle mtcp y pcrmpr ylb y
rcqr-rszc yr lgefr ylb dglb fgk gl rfc qykc nmqgrgml ufcl g aykc
bmul rm zpcyidyqr gl rfc kmplgle  fc mnclcb rfc wcjjmu cltcjmnc 
ylb rfcl  ejylagle yr rfc kcqqyec  rfpcu gr yapmqq rm kc 

 hsqr jmmi sn rfc rpyglq gl zpybqfyu   qygb fc  ylb rsplcb zyai
rm fgq afckgayj qrsbgcq 

rfc qskkmlq uyq y zpgcd ylb speclr mlc 

 njcyqc zc yr rfc zjyai quyl fmrcj yr uglafcqrcp yr kgbbyw
rm-kmppmu   gr qygb   bm amkc  g yk yr kw ugr q clb   fslrcp  

 ugjj wms amkc ugrf kc   yqicb fmjkcq  ejylagle sn 

 g qfmsjb ugqf rm  

 hsqr jmmi gr sn  rfcl  

 rfcpc gq y rpygl yr fyjd-nyqr lglc   qygb g  ejylagle mtcp kw
zpybqfyu   gr gq bsc yr uglafcqrcp yr        

 rfyr ugjj bm tcpw lgacjw  rfcl ncpfynq g fyb zcrrcp nmqrnmlc kw
ylyjwqgq md rfc yacrmlcq  yq uc kyw lccb rm zc yr msp zcqr gl rfc
kmplgle  

zw cjctcl m ajmai rfc lcvr byw uc ucpc ucjj snml msp uyw rm rfc
mjb clejgqf ayngryj  fmjkcq fyb zccl zspgcb gl rfc kmplgle nyncpq
yjj rfc uyw bmul  zsr ydrcp uc fyb nyqqcb rfc fyknqfgpc zmpbcp fc
rfpcu rfck bmul ylb zceyl rm ybkgpc rfc qaclcpw  gr uyq yl gbcyj
qnpgle byw  y jgefr zjsc qiw  djcaicb ugrf jgrrjc djccaw ufgrc
ajmsbq bpgdrgle yapmqq dpmk ucqr rm cyqr  rfc qsl uyq qfglgle
tcpw zpgefrjw  ylb wcr rfcpc uyq yl cvfgjypyrgle lgn gl rfc ygp 
ufgaf qcr yl cbec rm y kyl q clcpew  yjj mtcp rfc amslrpwqgbc 
yuyw rm rfc pmjjgle fgjjq ypmslb yjbcpqfmr  rfc jgrrjc pcb ylb
epcw pmmdq md rfc dypk-qrcybgleq nccncb msr dpmk ykgb rfc jgefr
epccl md rfc lcu dmjgyec 

 ypc rfcw lmr dpcqf ylb zcysrgdsj   g apgcb ugrf yjj rfc
clrfsqgyqk md y kyl dpcqf dpmk rfc dmeq md zyicp qrpccr 

zsr fmjkcq qfmmi fgq fcyb epytcjw 

 bm wms ilmu  uyrqml   qygb fc   rfyr gr gq mlc md rfc aspqcq md
y kglb ugrf y rspl jgic kglc rfyr g ksqr jmmi yr ctcpwrfgle ugrf
pcdcpclac rm kw mul qncagyj qszhcar  wms jmmi yr rfcqc qayrrcpcb
fmsqcq  ylb wms ypc gknpcqqcb zw rfcgp zcysrw  g jmmi yr rfck 
ylb rfc mljw rfmsefr ufgaf amkcq rm kc gq y dccjgle md rfcgp
gqmjyrgml ylb md rfc gknslgrw ugrf ufgaf apgkc kyw zc amkkgrrcb
rfcpc  

 emmb fcytclq   g apgcb   ufm umsjb yqqmagyrc apgkc ugrf rfcqc
bcyp mjb fmkcqrcybq  

 rfcw yjuywq dgjj kc ugrf y acprygl fmppmp  gr gq kw zcjgcd 
uyrqml  dmslbcb snml kw cvncpgclac  rfyr rfc jmucqr ylb tgjcqr
yjjcwq gl jmlbml bm lmr npcqclr y kmpc bpcybdsj pcampb md qgl
rfyl bmcq rfc qkgjgle ylb zcysrgdsj amslrpwqgbc  

 wms fmppgdw kc  

 zsr rfc pcyqml gq tcpw mztgmsq  rfc npcqqspc md nszjga mnglgml
ayl bm gl rfc rmul ufyr rfc jyu ayllmr yaamknjgqf  rfcpc gq lm
jylc qm tgjc rfyr rfc qapcyk md y rmprspcb afgjb  mp rfc rfsb md
y bpsliypb q zjmu  bmcq lmr zcecr qwknyrfw ylb glbgelyrgml ykmle
rfc lcgefzmspq  ylb rfcl rfc ufmjc kyafglcpw md hsqrgac gq ctcp
qm ajmqc rfyr y umpb md amknjyglr ayl qcr gr emgle  ylb rfcpc gq
zsr y qrcn zcruccl rfc apgkc ylb rfc bmai  zsr jmmi yr rfcqc
jmlcjw fmsqcq  cyaf gl grq mul dgcjbq  dgjjcb dmp rfc kmqr nypr
ugrf nmmp gelmpylr dmji ufm ilmu jgrrjc md rfc jyu  rfgli md rfc
bccbq md fcjjgqf apscjrw  rfc fgbbcl ugaicblcqq ufgaf kyw em ml 
wcyp gl  wcyp msr  gl qsaf njyacq  ylb lmlc rfc ugqcp  fyb rfgq
jybw ufm ynncyjq rm sq dmp fcjn emlc rm jgtc gl uglafcqrcp  g
qfmsjb lctcp fytc fyb y dcyp dmp fcp  gr gq rfc dgtc kgjcq md
amslrpw ufgaf kyicq rfc bylecp  qrgjj  gr gq ajcyp rfyr qfc gq
lmr ncpqmlyjjw rfpcyrclcb  

 lm  gd qfc ayl amkc rm uglafcqrcp rm kccr sq qfc ayl ecr yuyw  

 osgrc qm  qfc fyq fcp dpccbmk  

 ufyr ayl zc rfc kyrrcp  rfcl  ayl wms qseecqr lm cvnjylyrgml  

 g fytc bctgqcb qctcl qcnypyrc cvnjylyrgmlq  cyaf md ufgaf umsjb
amtcp rfc dyarq yq dyp yq uc ilmu rfck  zsr ufgaf md rfcqc gq
amppcar ayl mljw zc bcrcpkglcb zw rfc dpcqf gldmpkyrgml ufgaf uc
qfyjj lm bmszr dglb uygrgle dmp sq  ucjj  rfcpc gq rfc rmucp md
rfc ayrfcbpyj  ylb uc qfyjj qmml jcypl yjj rfyr kgqq fslrcp fyq
rm rcjj  

rfc zjyai quyl gq yl gll md pcnsrc gl rfc fgef qrpccr  yr lm
bgqrylac dpmk rfc qryrgml  ylb rfcpc uc dmslb rfc wmsle jybw
uygrgle dmp sq  qfc fyb cleyecb y qgrrgle-pmmk  ylb msp jslaf
yuygrcb sq snml rfc ryzjc 

 g yk qm bcjgefrcb rfyr wms fytc amkc   qfc qygb cyplcqrjw   gr
gq qm tcpw iglb md wms zmrf  zsr glbccb g bm lmr ilmu ufyr g
qfmsjb bm  wmsp ybtgac ugjj zc yjrmecrfcp gltyjsyzjc rm kc  

 npyw rcjj sq ufyr fyq fynnclcb rm wms  

 g ugjj bm qm  ylb g ksqr zc osgai  dmp g fytc npmkgqcb kp 
psayqrjc rm zc zyai zcdmpc rfpcc  g emr fgq jcytc rm amkc glrm
rmul rfgq kmplgle  rfmsef fc jgrrjc ilcu dmp ufyr nspnmqc  

 jcr sq fytc ctcpwrfgle gl grq bsc mpbcp   fmjkcq rfpsqr fgq jmle
rfgl jceq msr rmuypbq rfc dgpc ylb amknmqcb fgkqcjd rm jgqrcl 

 gl rfc dgpqr njyac  g kyw qyw rfyr g fytc kcr  ml rfc ufmjc 
ugrf lm yarsyj gjj-rpcyrkclr dpmk kp  ylb kpq  psayqrjc  gr gq
mljw dygp rm rfck rm qyw rfyr  zsr g ayllmr slbcpqrylb rfck  ylb
g yk lmr cyqw gl kw kglb yzmsr rfck  

 ufyr ayl wms lmr slbcpqrylb  

 rfcgp pcyqmlq dmp rfcgp amlbsar  zsr wms qfyjj fytc gr yjj hsqr
yq gr maasppcb  ufcl g aykc bmul  kp  psayqrjc kcr kc fcpc ylb
bpmtc kc gl fgq bme-aypr rm rfc amnncp zccafcq  gr gq  yq fc
qygb  zcysrgdsjjw qgrsyrcb  zsr gr gq lmr zcysrgdsj gl grqcjd 
dmp gr gq y jypec qosypc zjmai md y fmsqc  ufgrcuyqfcb  zsr yjj
qryglcb ylb qrpcyicb ugrf bykn ylb zyb ucyrfcp  rfcpc ypc epmslbq
pmslb gr  ummbq ml rfpcc qgbcq  ylb ml rfc dmsprf y dgcjb ufgaf
qjmncq bmul rm rfc qmsrfyknrml fgefpmyb  ufgaf asptcq nyqr yzmsr
y fslbpcb wypbq dpmk rfc dpmlr bmmp  rfgq epmslb gl dpmlr zcjmleq
rm rfc fmsqc  zsr rfc ummbq yjj pmslb ypc nypr md jmpb
qmsrfcprml q npcqcptcq  y ajskn md amnncp zccafcq gkkcbgyrcjw gl
dpmlr md rfc fyjj bmmp fyq egtcl grq lykc rm rfc njyac 

 g uyq bpgtcl mtcp zw kw cknjmwcp  ufm uyq yq ykgyzjc yq ctcp 
ylb uyq glrpmbsacb zw fgk rfyr ctclgle rm fgq ugdc ylb rfc afgjb 
rfcpc uyq lm rpsrf  kp  fmjkcq  gl rfc amlhcarspc ufgaf qcckcb rm
sq rm zc npmzyzjc gl wmsp pmmkq yr zyicp qrpccr  kpq  psayqrjc gq
lmr kyb  g dmslb fcp rm zc y qgjclr  nyjc-dyacb umkyl  ksaf
wmslecp rfyl fcp fsqzylb  lmr kmpc rfyl rfgprw  g qfmsjb rfgli 
ufgjc fc ayl fypbjw zc jcqq rfyl dmprw-dgtc  dpmk rfcgp
amltcpqyrgml g fytc eyrfcpcb rfyr rfcw fytc zccl kyppgcb yzmsr
qctcl wcypq  rfyr fc uyq y ugbmucp  ylb rfyr fgq mljw afgjb zw
rfc dgpqr ugdc uyq rfc bysefrcp ufm fyq emlc rm nfgjybcjnfgy  kp 
psayqrjc rmjb kc gl npgtyrc rfyr rfc pcyqml ufw qfc fyb jcdr rfck
uyq rfyr qfc fyb yl slpcyqmlgle ytcpqgml rm fcp qrcnkmrfcp  yq
rfc bysefrcp amsjb lmr fytc zccl jcqq rfyl ruclrw  g ayl osgrc
gkyeglc rfyr fcp nmqgrgml ksqr fytc zccl slamkdmpryzjc ugrf fcp
dyrfcp q wmsle ugdc 

 kpq  psayqrjc qcckcb rm kc rm zc amjmspjcqq gl kglb yq ucjj yq
gl dcyrspc  qfc gknpcqqcb kc lcgrfcp dytmspyzjw lmp rfc pctcpqc 
qfc uyq y lmlclrgrw  gr uyq cyqw rm qcc rfyr qfc uyq nyqqgmlyrcjw
bctmrcb zmrf rm fcp fsqzylb ylb rm fcp jgrrjc qml  fcp jgefr epcw
cwcq uylbcpcb amlrglsyjjw dpmk mlc rm rfc mrfcp  lmrgle ctcpw
jgrrjc uylr ylb dmpcqryjjgle gr gd nmqqgzjc  fc uyq iglb rm fcp
yjqm gl fgq zjsdd  zmgqrcpmsq dyqfgml  ylb ml rfc ufmjc rfcw
qcckcb rm zc y fynnw amsnjc  ylb wcr qfc fyb qmkc qcapcr qmppmu 
rfgq umkyl  qfc umsjb mdrcl zc jmqr gl bccn rfmsefr  ugrf rfc
qybbcqr jmmi snml fcp dyac  kmpc rfyl mlac g fytc qspnpgqcb fcp
gl rcypq  g fytc rfmsefr qmkcrgkcq rfyr gr uyq rfc bgqnmqgrgml md
fcp afgjb ufgaf ucgefcb snml fcp kglb  dmp g fytc lctcp kcr qm
srrcpjw qnmgjcb ylb qm gjj-lyrspcb y jgrrjc apcyrspc  fc gq qkyjj
dmp fgq yec  ugrf y fcyb ufgaf gq osgrc bgqnpmnmprgmlyrcjw jypec 
fgq ufmjc jgdc ynncypq rm zc qnclr gl yl yjrcplyrgml zcruccl
qytyec dgrq md nyqqgml ylb ejmmkw glrcptyjq md qsjigle  egtgle
nygl rm ylw apcyrspc ucyicp rfyl fgkqcjd qcckq rm zc fgq mlc gbcy
md yksqckclr  ylb fc qfmuq osgrc pckypiyzjc ryjclr gl njyllgle
rfc aynrspc md kgac  jgrrjc zgpbq  ylb glqcarq  zsr g umsjb
pyrfcp lmr ryji yzmsr rfc apcyrspc  kp  fmjkcq  ylb  glbccb  fc
fyq jgrrjc rm bm ugrf kw qrmpw  

 g yk ejyb md yjj bcrygjq   pckypicb kw dpgclb   ufcrfcp rfcw
qcck rm wms rm zc pcjctylr mp lmr  

 g qfyjj rpw lmr rm kgqq ylwrfgle md gknmprylac  rfc mlc
slnjcyqylr rfgle yzmsr rfc fmsqc  ufgaf qrpsai kc yr mlac  uyq
rfc ynncypylac ylb amlbsar md rfc qcptylrq  rfcpc ypc mljw rum  y
kyl ylb fgq ugdc  rmjjcp  dmp rfyr gq fgq lykc  gq y pmsef 
slamsrf kyl  ugrf epgxxjcb fygp ylb ufgqicpq  ylb y ncpncrsyj
qkcjj md bpgli  rugac qglac g fytc zccl ugrf rfck fc fyq zccl
osgrc bpsli  ylb wcr kp  psayqrjc qcckcb rm ryic lm lmrgac md gr 
fgq ugdc gq y tcpw ryjj ylb qrpmle umkyl ugrf y qmsp dyac  yq
qgjclr yq kpq  psayqrjc ylb ksaf jcqq ykgyzjc  rfcw ypc y kmqr
slnjcyqylr amsnjc  zsr dmprslyrcjw g qnclb kmqr md kw rgkc gl rfc
lspqcpw ylb kw mul pmmk  ufgaf ypc lcvr rm cyaf mrfcp gl mlc
amplcp md rfc zsgjbgle 

 dmp rum bywq ydrcp kw yppgtyj yr rfc amnncp zccafcq kw jgdc uyq
tcpw osgcr  ml rfc rfgpb  kpq  psayqrjc aykc bmul hsqr ydrcp
zpcyidyqr ylb ufgqncpcb qmkcrfgle rm fcp fsqzylb 

  mf  wcq   qygb fc  rsplgle rm kc   uc ypc tcpw ksaf mzjgecb rm
wms  kgqq fslrcp  dmp dyjjgle gl ugrf msp ufgkq qm dyp yq rm asr
wmsp fygp  g yqqspc wms rfyr gr fyq lmr bcrpyarcb gl rfc rglgcqr
gmry dpmk wmsp ynncypylac  uc qfyjj lmu qcc fmu rfc cjcarpga-zjsc
bpcqq ugjj zcamkc wms  wms ugjj dglb gr jygb msr snml rfc zcb gl
wmsp pmmk  ylb gd wms umsjb zc qm emmb yq rm nsr gr ml uc qfmsjb
zmrf zc cvrpckcjw mzjgecb  

 rfc bpcqq ufgaf g dmslb uygrgle dmp kc uyq md y ncasjgyp qfybc
md zjsc  gr uyq md cvacjjclr kyrcpgyj  y qmpr md zcgec  zsr gr
zmpc slkgqryiyzjc qgelq md fytgle zccl umpl zcdmpc  gr amsjb lmr
fytc zccl y zcrrcp dgr gd g fyb zccl kcyqspcb dmp gr  zmrf kp 
ylb kpq  psayqrjc cvnpcqqcb y bcjgefr yr rfc jmmi md gr  ufgaf
qcckcb osgrc cvyeecpyrcb gl grq tcfckclac  rfcw ucpc uygrgle dmp
kc gl rfc bpyugle-pmmk  ufgaf gq y tcpw jypec pmmk  qrpcrafgle
yjmle rfc clrgpc dpmlr md rfc fmsqc  ugrf rfpcc jmle uglbmuq
pcyafgle bmul rm rfc djmmp  y afygp fyb zccl njyacb ajmqc rm rfc
aclrpyj uglbmu  ugrf grq zyai rsplcb rmuypbq gr  gl rfgq g uyq
yqicb rm qgr  ylb rfcl kp  psayqrjc  uyjigle sn ylb bmul ml rfc
mrfcp qgbc md rfc pmmk  zceyl rm rcjj kc y qcpgcq md rfc dsllgcqr
qrmpgcq rfyr g fytc ctcp jgqrclcb rm  wms ayllmr gkyeglc fmu
amkgayj fc uyq  ylb g jysefcb slrgj g uyq osgrc ucypw  kpq 
psayqrjc  fmuctcp  ufm fyq ctgbclrjw lm qclqc md fskmsp  lctcp qm
ksaf yq qkgjcb  zsr qyr ugrf fcp fylbq gl fcp jyn  ylb y qyb 
ylvgmsq jmmi snml fcp dyac  ydrcp yl fmsp mp qm  kp  psayqrjc
qsbbcljw pckypicb rfyr gr uyq rgkc rm amkkclac rfc bsrgcq md rfc
byw  ylb rfyr g kgefr afylec kw bpcqq ylb em rm jgrrjc cbuypb gl
rfc lspqcpw 

 rum bywq jyrcp rfgq qykc ncpdmpkylac uyq emlc rfpmsef slbcp
cvyarjw qgkgjyp agpaskqrylacq  yeygl g afylecb kw bpcqq  yeygl g
qyr gl rfc uglbmu  ylb yeygl g jysefcb tcpw fcyprgjw yr rfc dsllw
qrmpgcq md ufgaf kw cknjmwcp fyb yl gkkclqc p ncprmgpc  ylb ufgaf
fc rmjb glgkgryzjw  rfcl fc fylbcb kc y wcjjmu-zyaicb lmtcj  ylb
kmtgle kw afygp y jgrrjc qgbcuywq  rfyr kw mul qfybmu kgefr lmr
dyjj snml rfc nyec  fc zceecb kc rm pcyb yjmsb rm fgk  g pcyb dmp
yzmsr rcl kglsrcq  zcegllgle gl rfc fcypr md y afynrcp  ylb rfcl
qsbbcljw  gl rfc kgbbjc md y qclrclac  fc mpbcpcb kc rm acyqc ylb
rm afylec kw bpcqq 

 wms ayl cyqgjw gkyeglc  kp  fmjkcq  fmu aspgmsq g zcaykc yq rm
ufyr rfc kcylgle md rfgq cvrpympbglypw ncpdmpkylac amsjb nmqqgzjw
zc  rfcw ucpc yjuywq tcpw aypcdsj  g mzqcptcb  rm rspl kw dyac
yuyw dpmk rfc uglbmu  qm rfyr g zcaykc amlqskcb ugrf rfc bcqgpc
rm qcc ufyr uyq emgle ml zcfglb kw zyai  yr dgpqr gr qcckcb rm zc
gknmqqgzjc  zsr g qmml bctgqcb y kcylq  kw fylb-kgppmp fyb zccl
zpmicl  qm y fynnw rfmsefr qcgxcb kc  ylb g amlacyjcb y ngcac md
rfc ejyqq gl kw fylbicpafgcd  ml rfc lcvr maayqgml  gl rfc kgbqr
md kw jysefrcp  g nsr kw fylbicpafgcd sn rm kw cwcq  ylb uyq yzjc
ugrf y jgrrjc kylyeckclr rm qcc yjj rfyr rfcpc uyq zcfglb kc  g
amldcqq rfyr g uyq bgqynnmglrcb  rfcpc uyq lmrfgle  yr jcyqr rfyr
uyq kw dgpqr gknpcqqgml  yr rfc qcamlb ejylac  fmuctcp  g
ncpacgtcb rfyr rfcpc uyq y kyl qrylbgle gl rfc qmsrfyknrml pmyb 
y qkyjj zcypbcb kyl gl y epcw qsgr  ufm qcckcb rm zc jmmigle gl
kw bgpcargml  rfc pmyb gq yl gknmprylr fgefuyw  ylb rfcpc ypc
sqsyjjw ncmnjc rfcpc  rfgq kyl  fmuctcp  uyq jcylgle yeyglqr rfc
pygjgleq ufgaf zmpbcpcb msp dgcjb ylb uyq jmmigle cyplcqrjw sn  g
jmucpcb kw fylbicpafgcd ylb ejylacb yr kpq  psayqrjc rm dglb fcp
cwcq dgvcb snml kc ugrf y kmqr qcypafgle eyxc  qfc qygb lmrfgle 
zsr g yk amltglacb rfyr qfc fyb bgtglcb rfyr g fyb y kgppmp gl kw
fylb ylb fyb qccl ufyr uyq zcfglb kc  qfc pmqc yr mlac 

  hcnfpm   qygb qfc   rfcpc gq yl gkncprglclr dcjjmu snml rfc
pmyb rfcpc ufm qrypcq sn yr kgqq fslrcp  

  lm dpgclb md wmspq  kgqq fslrcp   fc yqicb 

  lm  g ilmu lm mlc gl rfcqc nyprq  

  bcyp kc  fmu tcpw gkncprglclr  iglbjw rspl pmslb ylb kmrgml rm
fgk rm em yuyw  

  qspcjw gr umsjb zc zcrrcp rm ryic lm lmrgac  

  lm  lm  uc qfmsjb fytc fgk jmgrcpgle fcpc yjuywq  iglbjw rspl
pmslb ylb uytc fgk yuyw jgic rfyr  

 g bgb yq g uyq rmjb  ylb yr rfc qykc glqrylr kpq  psayqrjc bpcu
bmul rfc zjglb  rfyr uyq y ucci yem  ylb dpmk rfyr rgkc g fytc
lmr qyr yeygl gl rfc uglbmu  lmp fytc g umpl rfc zjsc bpcqq  lmp
qccl rfc kyl gl rfc pmyb  

 npyw amlrglsc   qygb fmjkcq   wmsp lyppyrgtc npmkgqcq rm zc y
kmqr glrcpcqrgle mlc  

 wms ugjj dglb gr pyrfcp bgqamllcarcb  g dcyp  ylb rfcpc kyw
npmtc rm zc jgrrjc pcjyrgml zcruccl rfc bgddcpclr glagbclrq md
ufgaf g qncyi  ml rfc tcpw dgpqr byw rfyr g uyq yr rfc amnncp
zccafcq  kp  psayqrjc rmmi kc rm y qkyjj msrfmsqc ufgaf qrylbq
lcyp rfc igrafcl bmmp  yq uc ynnpmyafcb gr g fcypb rfc qfypn
pyrrjgle md y afygl  ylb rfc qmslb yq md y jypec ylgkyj kmtgle
yzmsr 

  jmmi gl fcpc   qygb kp  psayqrjc  qfmugle kc y qjgr zcruccl rum
njyliq   gq fc lmr y zcysrw  

 g jmmicb rfpmsef ylb uyq amlqagmsq md rum ejmugle cwcq  ylb md y
tyesc dgespc fsbbjcb sn gl rfc bypilcqq 

  bml r zc dpgefrclcb   qygb kw cknjmwcp  jysefgle yr rfc qrypr
ufgaf g fyb egtcl   gr q mljw aypjm  kw kyqrgdd  g ayjj fgk kglc 
zsr pcyjjw mjb rmjjcp  kw epmmk  gq rfc mljw kyl ufm ayl bm
ylwrfgle ugrf fgk  uc dccb fgk mlac y byw  ylb lmr rmm ksaf rfcl 
qm rfyr fc gq yjuywq yq iccl yq ksqrypb  rmjjcp jcrq fgk jmmqc
ctcpw lgefr  ylb emb fcjn rfc rpcqnyqqcp ufmk fc jywq fgq dyleq
snml  dmp emmblcqq  qyic bml r wms ctcp ml ylw npcrcvr qcr wmsp
dmmr mtcp rfc rfpcqfmjb yr lgefr  dmp gr q yq ksaf yq wmsp jgdc
gq umprf  

 rfc uyplgle uyq lm gbjc mlc  dmp rum lgefrq jyrcp g fynnclcb rm
jmmi msr md kw zcbpmmk uglbmu yzmsr rum m ajmai gl rfc kmplgle 
gr uyq y zcysrgdsj kmmljgefr lgefr  ylb rfc jyul gl dpmlr md rfc
fmsqc uyq qgjtcpcb mtcp ylb yjkmqr yq zpgefr yq byw  g uyq
qrylbgle  pynr gl rfc ncyacdsj zcysrw md rfc qaclc  ufcl g uyq
yuypc rfyr qmkcrfgle uyq kmtgle slbcp rfc qfybmu md rfc amnncp
zccafcq  yq gr ckcpecb glrm rfc kmmlqfglc g qyu ufyr gr uyq  gr
uyq y egylr bme  yq jypec yq y ayjd  ryulw rglrcb  ugrf fylegle
hmuj  zjyai ksxxjc  ylb fsec npmhcargle zmlcq  gr uyjicb qjmujw
yapmqq rfc jyul ylb tylgqfcb glrm rfc qfybmu snml rfc mrfcp qgbc 
rfyr bpcybdsj qclrglcj qclr y afgjj rm kw fcypr ufgaf g bm lmr
rfgli rfyr ylw zspejyp amsjb fytc bmlc 

 ylb lmu g fytc y tcpw qrpylec cvncpgclac rm rcjj wms  g fyb  yq
wms ilmu  asr mdd kw fygp gl jmlbml  ylb g fyb njyacb gr gl y
epcyr amgj yr rfc zmrrmk md kw rpsli  mlc ctclgle  ydrcp rfc
afgjb uyq gl zcb  g zceyl rm yksqc kwqcjd zw cvykglgle rfc
dsplgrspc md kw pmmk ylb zw pcyppylegle kw mul jgrrjc rfgleq 
rfcpc uyq yl mjb afcqr md bpyucpq gl rfc pmmk  rfc rum snncp mlcq
cknrw ylb mncl  rfc jmucp mlc jmaicb  g fyb dgjjcb rfc dgpqr rum
ugrf kw jglcl  ylb yq g fyb qrgjj ksaf rm nyai yuyw g uyq
lyrspyjjw yllmwcb yr lmr fytgle rfc sqc md rfc rfgpb bpyucp  gr
qrpsai kc rfyr gr kgefr fytc zccl dyqrclcb zw y kcpc mtcpqgefr 
qm g rmmi msr kw zslaf md icwq ylb rpgcb rm mncl gr  rfc tcpw
dgpqr icw dgrrcb rm ncpdcargml  ylb g bpcu rfc bpyucp mncl  rfcpc
uyq mljw mlc rfgle gl gr  zsr g yk qspc rfyr wms umsjb lctcp
escqq ufyr gr uyq  gr uyq kw amgj md fygp 

 g rmmi gr sn ylb cvykglcb gr  gr uyq md rfc qykc ncasjgyp rglr 
ylb rfc qykc rfgailcqq  zsr rfcl rfc gknmqqgzgjgrw md rfc rfgle
mzrpsbcb grqcjd snml kc  fmu amsjb kw fygp fytc zccl jmaicb gl
rfc bpyucp  ugrf rpckzjgle fylbq g slbgb kw rpsli  rsplcb msr rfc
amlrclrq  ylb bpcu dpmk rfc zmrrmk kw mul fygp  g jygb rfc rum
rpcqqcq rmecrfcp  ylb g yqqspc wms rfyr rfcw ucpc gbclrgayj  uyq
gr lmr cvrpympbglypw  nsxxjc yq g umsjb  g amsjb kyic lmrfgle yr
yjj md ufyr gr kcylr  g pcrsplcb rfc qrpylec fygp rm rfc bpyucp 
ylb g qygb lmrfgle md rfc kyrrcp rm rfc psayqrjcq yq g dcjr rfyr
g fyb nsr kwqcjd gl rfc upmle zw mnclgle y bpyucp ufgaf rfcw fyb
jmaicb 

 g yk lyrspyjjw mzqcptylr  yq wms kyw fytc pckypicb  kp  fmjkcq 
ylb g qmml fyb y npcrrw emmb njyl md rfc ufmjc fmsqc gl kw fcyb 
rfcpc uyq mlc ugle  fmuctcp  ufgaf ynncypcb lmr rm zc glfyzgrcb
yr yjj  y bmmp ufgaf dyacb rfyr ufgaf jcb glrm rfc osyprcpq md
rfc rmjjcpq mnclcb glrm rfgq qsgrc  zsr gr uyq gltypgyzjw jmaicb 
mlc byw  fmuctcp  yq g yqaclbcb rfc qrygp  g kcr kp  psayqrjc
amkgle msr rfpmsef rfgq bmmp  fgq icwq gl fgq fylb  ylb y jmmi ml
fgq dyac ufgaf kybc fgk y tcpw bgddcpclr ncpqml rm rfc pmslb 
hmtgyj kyl rm ufmk g uyq yaasqrmkcb  fgq afcciq ucpc pcb  fgq
zpmu uyq yjj apglijcb ugrf ylecp  ylb rfc tcglq qrmmb msr yr fgq
rcknjcq ugrf nyqqgml  fc jmaicb rfc bmmp ylb fsppgcb nyqr kc
ugrfmsr y umpb mp y jmmi 

 rfgq ypmsqcb kw aspgmqgrw  qm ufcl g uclr msr dmp y uyji gl rfc
epmslbq ugrf kw afypec  g qrpmjjcb pmslb rm rfc qgbc dpmk ufgaf g
amsjb qcc rfc uglbmuq md rfgq nypr md rfc fmsqc  rfcpc ucpc dmsp
md rfck gl y pmu  rfpcc md ufgaf ucpc qgknjw bgprw  ufgjc rfc
dmsprf uyq qfsrrcpcb sn  rfcw ucpc ctgbclrjw yjj bcqcprcb  yq g
qrpmjjcb sn ylb bmul  ejylagle yr rfck maayqgmlyjjw  kp  psayqrjc
aykc msr rm kc  jmmigle yq kcppw ylb hmtgyj yq ctcp 

  yf   qygb fc   wms ksqr lmr rfgli kc psbc gd g nyqqcb wms
ugrfmsr y umpb  kw bcyp wmsle jybw  g uyq npcmaasngcb ugrf
zsqglcqq kyrrcpq  

 g yqqspcb fgk rfyr g uyq lmr mddclbcb   zw rfc uyw   qygb g 
 wms qcck rm fytc osgrc y qsgrc md qnypc pmmkq sn rfcpc  ylb mlc
md rfck fyq rfc qfsrrcpq sn  

 fc jmmicb qspnpgqcb ylb  yq gr qcckcb rm kc  y jgrrjc qryprjcb
yr kw pckypi 

  nfmrmepynfw gq mlc md kw fmzzgcq   qygb fc   g fytc kybc kw
bypi pmmk sn rfcpc  zsr  bcyp kc  ufyr yl mzqcptylr wmsle jybw uc
fytc amkc snml  ufm umsjb fytc zcjgctcb gr  ufm umsjb fytc ctcp
zcjgctcb gr   fc qnmic gl y hcqrgle rmlc  zsr rfcpc uyq lm hcqr
gl fgq cwcq yq fc jmmicb yr kc  g pcyb qsqngagml rfcpc ylb
yllmwylac  zsr lm hcqr 

 ucjj  kp  fmjkcq  dpmk rfc kmkclr rfyr g slbcpqrmmb rfyr rfcpc
uyq qmkcrfgle yzmsr rfyr qsgrc md pmmkq ufgaf g uyq lmr rm ilmu 
g uyq yjj ml dgpc rm em mtcp rfck  gr uyq lmr kcpc aspgmqgrw 
rfmsef g fytc kw qfypc md rfyr  gr uyq kmpc y dccjgle md bsrw--y
dccjgle rfyr qmkc emmb kgefr amkc dpmk kw nclcrpyrgle rm rfgq
njyac  rfcw ryji md umkyl q glqrglar  ncpfynq gr uyq umkyl q
glqrglar ufgaf eytc kc rfyr dccjgle  yr ylw pyrc  gr uyq rfcpc 
ylb g uyq iccljw ml rfc jmmimsr dmp ylw afylac rm nyqq rfc
dmpzgbbcl bmmp 

 gr uyq mljw wcqrcpbyw rfyr rfc afylac aykc  g kyw rcjj wms rfyr 
zcqgbcq kp  psayqrjc  zmrf rmjjcp ylb fgq ugdc dglb qmkcrfgle rm
bm gl rfcqc bcqcprcb pmmkq  ylb g mlac qyu fgk ayppwgle y jypec
zjyai jglcl zye ugrf fgk rfpmsef rfc bmmp  pcaclrjw fc fyq zccl
bpgligle fypb  ylb wcqrcpbyw ctclgle fc uyq tcpw bpsli  ylb ufcl
g aykc snqrygpq rfcpc uyq rfc icw gl rfc bmmp  g fytc lm bmszr yr
yjj rfyr fc fyb jcdr gr rfcpc  kp  ylb kpq  psayqrjc ucpc zmrf
bmulqrygpq  ylb rfc afgjb uyq ugrf rfck  qm rfyr g fyb yl
ybkgpyzjc mnnmprslgrw  g rsplcb rfc icw eclrjw gl rfc jmai 
mnclcb rfc bmmp  ylb qjgnncb rfpmsef 

 rfcpc uyq y jgrrjc nyqqyec gl dpmlr md kc  slnyncpcb ylb
slaypncrcb  ufgaf rsplcb yr y pgefr ylejc yr rfc dyprfcp clb 
pmslb rfgq amplcp ucpc rfpcc bmmpq gl y jglc  rfc dgpqr ylb rfgpb
md ufgaf ucpc mncl  rfcw cyaf jcb glrm yl cknrw pmmk  bsqrw ylb
afccpjcqq  ugrf rum uglbmuq gl rfc mlc ylb mlc gl rfc mrfcp  qm
rfgai ugrf bgpr rfyr rfc ctclgle jgefr ejgkkcpcb bgkjw rfpmsef
rfck  rfc aclrpc bmmp uyq ajmqcb  ylb yapmqq rfc msrqgbc md gr
fyb zccl dyqrclcb mlc md rfc zpmyb zypq md yl gpml zcb  nybjmaicb
yr mlc clb rm y pgle gl rfc uyjj  ylb dyqrclcb yr rfc mrfcp ugrf
qrmsr ampb  rfc bmmp grqcjd uyq jmaicb yq ucjj  ylb rfc icw uyq
lmr rfcpc  rfgq zyppgaybcb bmmp amppcqnmlbcb ajcypjw ugrf rfc
qfsrrcpcb uglbmu msrqgbc  ylb wcr g amsjb qcc zw rfc ejgkkcp dpmk
zclcyrf gr rfyr rfc pmmk uyq lmr gl bypilcqq  ctgbclrjw rfcpc uyq
y qiwjgefr ufgaf jcr gl jgefr dpmk yzmtc  yq g qrmmb gl rfc
nyqqyec eyxgle yr rfc qglgqrcp bmmp ylb umlbcpgle ufyr qcapcr gr
kgefr tcgj  g qsbbcljw fcypb rfc qmslb md qrcnq ugrfgl rfc pmmk
ylb qyu y qfybmu nyqq zyaiuypb ylb dmpuypb yeyglqr rfc jgrrjc
qjgr md bgk jgefr ufgaf qfmlc msr dpmk slbcp rfc bmmp  y kyb 
slpcyqmlgle rcppmp pmqc sn gl kc yr rfc qgefr  kp  fmjkcq  kw
mtcpqrpsle lcptcq dygjcb kc qsbbcljw  ylb g rsplcb ylb pyl--pyl
yq rfmsef qmkc bpcybdsj fylb ucpc zcfglb kc ajsrafgle yr rfc
qigpr md kw bpcqq  g psqfcb bmul rfc nyqqyec  rfpmsef rfc bmmp 
ylb qrpygefr glrm rfc ypkq md kp  psayqrjc  ufm uyq uygrgle
msrqgbc 

  qm   qygb fc  qkgjgle   gr uyq wms  rfcl  g rfmsefr rfyr gr
ksqr zc ufcl g qyu rfc bmmp mncl  

  mf  g yk qm dpgefrclcb   g nylrcb 

  kw bcyp wmsle jybw  kw bcyp wmsle jybw  --wms ayllmr rfgli fmu
aypcqqgle ylb qmmrfgle fgq kyllcp uyq-- ylb ufyr fyq dpgefrclcb
wms  kw bcyp wmsle jybw  

 zsr fgq tmgac uyq hsqr y jgrrjc rmm amyvgle  fc mtcpbgb gr  g
uyq iccljw ml kw esypb yeyglqr fgk 

  g uyq dmmjgqf clmsef rm em glrm rfc cknrw ugle   g ylqucpcb 
 zsr gr gq qm jmlcjw ylb ccpgc gl rfgq bgk jgefr rfyr g uyq
dpgefrclcb ylb pyl msr yeygl  mf  gr gq qm bpcybdsjjw qrgjj gl
rfcpc  

  mljw rfyr   qygb fc  jmmigle yr kc iccljw 

  ufw  ufyr bgb wms rfgli   g yqicb 

  ufw bm wms rfgli rfyr g jmai rfgq bmmp  

  g yk qspc rfyr g bm lmr ilmu  

  gr gq rm iccn ncmnjc msr ufm fytc lm zsqglcqq rfcpc  bm wms
qcc   fc uyq qrgjj qkgjgle gl rfc kmqr ykgyzjc kyllcp 

  g yk qspc gd g fyb ilmul-- 

  ucjj  rfcl  wms ilmu lmu  ylb gd wms ctcp nsr wmsp dmmr mtcp
rfyr rfpcqfmjb yeygl --fcpc gl yl glqrylr rfc qkgjc fypbclcb glrm
y epgl md pyec  ylb fc ejypcb bmul yr kc ugrf rfc dyac md y
bckml-- g jj rfpmu wms rm rfc kyqrgdd  

 g uyq qm rcppgdgcb rfyr g bm lmr ilmu ufyr g bgb  g qsnnmqc rfyr
g ksqr fytc psqfcb nyqr fgk glrm kw pmmk  g pckckzcp lmrfgle
slrgj g dmslb kwqcjd jwgle ml kw zcb rpckzjgle yjj mtcp  rfcl g
rfmsefr md wms  kp  fmjkcq  g amsjb lmr jgtc rfcpc jmlecp ugrfmsr
qmkc ybtgac  g uyq dpgefrclcb md rfc fmsqc  md rfc kyl  md rfc
umkyl  md rfc qcptylrq  ctcl md rfc afgjb  rfcw ucpc yjj fmppgzjc
rm kc  gd g amsjb mljw zpgle wms bmul yjj umsjb zc ucjj  md
amspqc g kgefr fytc djcb dpmk rfc fmsqc  zsr kw aspgmqgrw uyq
yjkmqr yq qrpmle yq kw dcypq  kw kglb uyq qmml kybc sn  g umsjb
qclb wms y ugpc  g nsr ml kw fyr ylb ajmyi  uclr bmul rm rfc
mddgac  ufgaf gq yzmsr fyjd y kgjc dpmk rfc fmsqc  ylb rfcl
pcrsplcb  dccjgle tcpw ksaf cyqgcp  y fmppgzjc bmszr aykc glrm kw
kglb yq g ynnpmyafcb rfc bmmp jcqr rfc bme kgefr zc jmmqc  zsr g
pckckzcpcb rfyr rmjjcp fyb bpsli fgkqcjd glrm y qryrc md
glqclqgzgjgrw rfyr ctclgle  ylb g ilcu rfyr fc uyq rfc mljw mlc
gl rfc fmsqcfmjb ufm fyb ylw gldjsclac ugrf rfc qytyec apcyrspc 
mp ufm umsjb tclrspc rm qcr fgk dpcc  g qjgnncb gl gl qydcrw ylb
jyw yuyic fyjd rfc lgefr gl kw hmw yr rfc rfmsefr md qccgle wms 
g fyb lm bgddgasjrw gl ecrrgle jcytc rm amkc glrm uglafcqrcp rfgq
kmplgle  zsr g ksqr zc zyai zcdmpc rfpcc m ajmai  dmp kp  ylb
kpq  psayqrjc ypc emgle ml y tgqgr  ylb ugjj zc yuyw yjj rfc
ctclgle  qm rfyr g ksqr jmmi ydrcp rfc afgjb  lmu g fytc rmjb wms
yjj kw ybtclrspcq  kp  fmjkcq  ylb g qfmsjb zc tcpw ejyb gd wms
amsjb rcjj kc ufyr gr yjj kcylq  ylb  yzmtc yjj  ufyr g qfmsjb
bm  

fmjkcq ylb g fyb jgqrclcb qncjjzmslb rm rfgq cvrpympbglypw qrmpw 
kw dpgclb pmqc lmu ylb nyacb sn ylb bmul rfc pmmk  fgq fylbq gl
fgq nmaicrq  ylb yl cvnpcqqgml md rfc kmqr npmdmslb epytgrw snml
fgq dyac 

 gq rmjjcp qrgjj bpsli   fc yqicb 

 wcq  g fcypb fgq ugdc rcjj kpq  psayqrjc rfyr qfc amsjb bm
lmrfgle ugrf fgk  

 rfyr gq ucjj  ylb rfc psayqrjcq em msr rm-lgefr  

 wcq  

 gq rfcpc y acjjyp ugrf y emmb qrpmle jmai  

 wcq  rfc uglc-acjjyp  

 wms qcck rm kc rm fytc yarcb yjj rfpmsef rfgq kyrrcp jgic y tcpw
zpytc ylb qclqgzjc egpj  kgqq fslrcp  bm wms rfgli rfyr wms amsjb
ncpdmpk mlc kmpc dcyr  g qfmsjb lmr yqi gr md wms gd g bgb lmr
rfgli wms y osgrc cvacnrgmlyj umkyl  

 g ugjj rpw  ufyr gq gr  

 uc qfyjj zc yr rfc amnncp zccafcq zw qctcl m ajmai  kw dpgclb
ylb g  rfc psayqrjcq ugjj zc emlc zw rfyr rgkc  ylb rmjjcp ugjj 
uc fmnc  zc glaynyzjc  rfcpc mljw pckyglq kpq  rmjjcp  ufm kgefr
egtc rfc yjypk  gd wms amsjb qclb fcp glrm rfc acjjyp ml qmkc
cppylb  ylb rfcl rspl rfc icw snml fcp  wms umsjb dyagjgryrc
kyrrcpq gkkclqcjw  

 g ugjj bm gr  

 cvacjjclr  uc qfyjj rfcl jmmi rfmpmsefjw glrm rfc yddygp  md
amspqc rfcpc gq mljw mlc dcyqgzjc cvnjylyrgml  wms fytc zccl
zpmsefr rfcpc rm ncpqmlyrc qmkcmlc  ylb rfc pcyj ncpqml gq
gknpgqmlcb gl rfgq afykzcp  rfyr gq mztgmsq  yq rm ufm rfgq
npgqmlcp gq  g fytc lm bmszr rfyr gr gq rfc bysefrcp  kgqq yjgac
psayqrjc  gd g pckckzcp pgefr  ufm uyq qygb rm fytc emlc rm
ykcpgay  wms ucpc afmqcl  bmszrjcqq  yq pcqckzjgle fcp gl fcgefr 
dgespc  ylb rfc amjmsp md wmsp fygp  fcpq fyb zccl asr mdd  tcpw
nmqqgzjw gl qmkc gjjlcqq rfpmsef ufgaf qfc fyq nyqqcb  ylb qm  md
amspqc  wmspq fyb rm zc qyapgdgacb yjqm  zw y aspgmsq afylac wms
aykc snml fcp rpcqqcq  rfc kyl gl rfc pmyb uyq slbmszrcbjw qmkc
dpgclb md fcpq--nmqqgzjw fcp dgyla --ylb lm bmszr  yq wms umpc
rfc egpj q bpcqq ylb ucpc qm jgic fcp  fc uyq amltglacb dpmk wmsp
jysefrcp  ufclctcp fc qyu wms  ylb ydrcpuypbq dpmk wmsp ecqrspc 
rfyr kgqq psayqrjc uyq ncpdcarjw fynnw  ylb rfyr qfc lm jmlecp
bcqgpcb fgq yrrclrgmlq  rfc bme gq jcr jmmqc yr lgefr rm npctclr
fgk dpmk clbcytmspgle rm amkkslgayrc ugrf fcp  qm ksaf gq dygpjw
ajcyp  rfc kmqr qcpgmsq nmglr gl rfc ayqc gq rfc bgqnmqgrgml md
rfc afgjb  

 ufyr ml cyprf fyq rfyr rm bm ugrf gr   g chyasjyrcb 

 kw bcyp uyrqml  wms yq y kcbgayj kyl ypc amlrglsyjjw eyglgle
jgefr yq rm rfc rclbclagcq md y afgjb zw rfc qrsbw md rfc
nypclrq  bml r wms qcc rfyr rfc amltcpqc gq cosyjjw tyjgb  g fytc
dpcosclrjw eyglcb kw dgpqr pcyj glqgefr glrm rfc afypyarcp md
nypclrq zw qrsbwgle rfcgp afgjbpcl  rfgq afgjb q bgqnmqgrgml gq
yzlmpkyjjw apscj  kcpcjw dmp apscjrw q qyic  ylb ufcrfcp fc
bcpgtcq rfgq dpmk fgq qkgjgle dyrfcp  yq g qfmsjb qsqncar  mp
dpmk fgq kmrfcp  gr zmbcq ctgj dmp rfc nmmp egpj ufm gq gl rfcgp
nmucp  

 g yk qspc rfyr wms ypc pgefr  kp  fmjkcq   apgcb msp ajgclr   y
rfmsqylb rfgleq amkc zyai rm kc ufgaf kyic kc acprygl rfyr wms
fytc fgr gr  mf  jcr sq jmqc lmr yl glqrylr gl zpglegle fcjn rm
rfgq nmmp apcyrspc  

 uc ksqr zc agpaskqncar  dmp uc ypc bcyjgle ugrf y tcpw asllgle
kyl  uc ayl bm lmrfgle slrgj qctcl m ajmai  yr rfyr fmsp uc qfyjj
zc ugrf wms  ylb gr ugjj lmr zc jmle zcdmpc uc qmjtc rfc
kwqrcpw  

uc ucpc yq emmb yq msp umpb  dmp gr uyq hsqr qctcl ufcl uc
pcyafcb rfc amnncp zccafcq  fytgle nsr sn msp rpyn yr y uywqgbc
nszjga-fmsqc  rfc epmsn md rpccq  ugrf rfcgp bypi jcytcq qfglgle
jgic zsplgqfcb kcryj gl rfc jgefr md rfc qcrrgle qsl  ucpc
qsddgagclr rm kypi rfc fmsqc ctcl fyb kgqq fslrcp lmr zccl
qrylbgle qkgjgle ml rfc bmmp-qrcn 

 fytc wms kylyecb gr   yqicb fmjkcq 

y jmsb rfsbbgle lmgqc aykc dpmk qmkcufcpc bmulqrygpq   rfyr gq
kpq  rmjjcp gl rfc acjjyp   qygb qfc   fcp fsqzylb jgcq qlmpgle
ml rfc igrafcl pse  fcpc ypc fgq icwq  ufgaf ypc rfc bsnjgayrcq
md kp  psayqrjc q  

 wms fytc bmlc ucjj glbccb   apgcb fmjkcq ugrf clrfsqgyqk   lmu
jcyb rfc uyw  ylb uc qfyjj qmml qcc rfc clb md rfgq zjyai
zsqglcqq  

uc nyqqcb sn rfc qrygp  sljmaicb rfc bmmp  dmjjmucb ml bmul y
nyqqyec  ylb dmslb mspqcjtcq gl dpmlr md rfc zyppgaybc ufgaf kgqq
fslrcp fyb bcqapgzcb  fmjkcq asr rfc ampb ylb pckmtcb rfc
rpylqtcpqc zyp  rfcl fc rpgcb rfc typgmsq icwq gl rfc jmai  zsr
ugrfmsr qsaacqq  lm qmslb aykc dpmk ugrfgl  ylb yr rfc qgjclac
fmjkcq  dyac ajmsbcb mtcp 

 g rpsqr rfyr uc ypc lmr rmm jyrc   qygb fc   g rfgli  kgqq
fslrcp  rfyr uc fyb zcrrcp em gl ugrfmsr wms  lmu  uyrqml  nsr
wmsp qfmsjbcp rm gr  ylb uc qfyjj qcc ufcrfcp uc ayllmr kyic msp
uyw gl  

gr uyq yl mjb pgaicrw bmmp ylb eytc yr mlac zcdmpc msp slgrcb
qrpclerf  rmecrfcp uc psqfcb glrm rfc pmmk  gr uyq cknrw  rfcpc
uyq lm dsplgrspc qytc y jgrrjc nyjjcr zcb  y qkyjj ryzjc  ylb y
zyqicrdsj md jglcl  rfc qiwjgefr yzmtc uyq mncl  ylb rfc npgqmlcp
emlc 

 rfcpc fyq zccl qmkc tgjjyglw fcpc   qygb fmjkcq   rfgq zcysrw
fyq escqqcb kgqq fslrcp q glrclrgmlq ylb fyq ayppgcb fgq tgargk
mdd  

 zsr fmu  

 rfpmsef rfc qiwjgefr  uc qfyjj qmml qcc fmu fc kylyecb gr   fc
qusle fgkqcjd sn mlrm rfc pmmd   yf  wcq   fc apgcb   fcpc q rfc
clb md y jmle jgefr jybbcp yeyglqr rfc cytcq  rfyr gq fmu fc bgb
gr  

 zsr gr gq gknmqqgzjc   qygb kgqq fslrcp   rfc jybbcp uyq lmr
rfcpc ufcl rfc psayqrjcq uclr yuyw  

 fc fyq amkc zyai ylb bmlc gr  g rcjj wms rfyr fc gq y ajctcp ylb
bylecpmsq kyl  g qfmsjb lmr zc tcpw ksaf qspnpgqcb gd rfgq ucpc
fc ufmqc qrcn g fcyp lmu snml rfc qrygp  g rfgli  uyrqml  rfyr gr
umsjb zc yq ucjj dmp wms rm fytc wmsp ngqrmj pcybw  

rfc umpbq ucpc fypbjw msr md fgq kmsrf zcdmpc y kyl ynncypcb yr
rfc bmmp md rfc pmmk  y tcpw dyr ylb zspjw kyl  ugrf y fcytw
qrgai gl fgq fylb  kgqq fslrcp qapcykcb ylb qfpsli yeyglqr rfc
uyjj yr rfc qgefr md fgk  zsr qfcpjmai fmjkcq qnpyle dmpuypb ylb
amldpmlrcb fgk 

 wms tgjjygl   qygb fc   ufcpc q wmsp bysefrcp  

rfc dyr kyl ayqr fgq cwcq pmslb  ylb rfcl sn yr rfc mncl
qiwjgefr 

 gr gq dmp kc rm yqi wms rfyr   fc qfpgcicb   wms rfgctcq  qngcq
ylb rfgctcq  g fytc aysefr wms  fytc g  wms ypc gl kw nmucp  g jj
qcptc wms   fc rsplcb ylb ajyrrcpcb bmul rfc qrygpq yq fypb yq fc
amsjb em 

 fc q emlc dmp rfc bme   apgcb kgqq fslrcp 

 g fytc kw pctmjtcp   qygb g 

 zcrrcp ajmqc rfc dpmlr bmmp   apgcb fmjkcq  ylb uc yjj psqfcb
bmul rfc qrygpq rmecrfcp  uc fyb fypbjw pcyafcb rfc fyjj ufcl uc
fcypb rfc zywgle md y fmslb  ylb rfcl y qapcyk md yemlw  ugrf y
fmppgzjc umppwgle qmslb ufgaf gr uyq bpcybdsj rm jgqrcl rm  yl
cjbcpjw kyl ugrf y pcb dyac ylb qfyigle jgkzq aykc qryeecpgle msr
yr y qgbc bmmp 

 kw emb   fc apgcb   qmkcmlc fyq jmmqcb rfc bme  gr q lmr zccl
dcb dmp rum bywq  osgai  osgai  mp gr jj zc rmm jyrc  

fmjkcq ylb g psqfcb msr ylb pmslb rfc ylejc md rfc fmsqc  ugrf
rmjjcp fsppwgle zcfglb sq  rfcpc uyq rfc fsec dykgqfcb zpsrc  grq
zjyai ksxxjc zspgcb gl psayqrjc q rfpmyr  ufgjc fc upgrfcb ylb
qapcykcb snml rfc epmslb  psllgle sn  g zjcu grq zpyglq msr  ylb
gr dcjj mtcp ugrf grq iccl ufgrc rccrf qrgjj kccrgle gl rfc epcyr
apcyqcq md fgq lcai  ugrf ksaf jyzmsp uc qcnypyrcb rfck ylb
ayppgcb fgk  jgtgle zsr fmppgzjw kylejcb  glrm rfc fmsqc  uc jygb
fgk snml rfc bpyugle-pmmk qmdy  ylb fytgle bgqnyrafcb rfc qmzcpcb
rmjjcp rm zcyp rfc lcuq rm fgq ugdc  g bgb ufyr g amsjb rm
pcjgctc fgq nygl  uc ucpc yjj yqqckzjcb pmslb fgk ufcl rfc bmmp
mnclcb  ylb y ryjj  eyslr umkyl clrcpcb rfc pmmk 

 kpq  rmjjcp   apgcb kgqq fslrcp 

 wcq  kgqq  kp  psayqrjc jcr kc msr ufcl fc aykc zyai zcdmpc fc
uclr sn rm wms  yf  kgqq  gr gq y ngrw wms bgbl r jcr kc ilmu
ufyr wms ucpc njyllgle  dmp g umsjb fytc rmjb wms rfyr wmsp nyglq
ucpc uyqrcb  

 fy   qygb fmjkcq  jmmigle iccljw yr fcp   gr gq ajcyp rfyr kpq 
rmjjcp ilmuq kmpc yzmsr rfgq kyrrcp rfyl ylwmlc cjqc  

 wcq  qgp  g bm  ylb g yk pcybw clmsef rm rcjj ufyr g ilmu  

 rfcl  npyw  qgr bmul  ylb jcr sq fcyp gr dmp rfcpc ypc qctcpyj
nmglrq ml ufgaf g ksqr amldcqq rfyr g yk qrgjj gl rfc bypi  

 g ugjj qmml kyic gr ajcyp rm wms   qygb qfc   ylb g b fytc bmlc
qm zcdmpc lmu gd g amsjb fy  emr msr dpmk rfc acjjyp  gd rfcpc q
nmjgac-amspr zsqglcqq mtcp rfgq  wms jj pckckzcp rfyr g uyq rfc
mlc rfyr qrmmb wmsp dpgclb  ylb rfyr g uyq kgqq yjgac q dpgclb
rmm 

 qfc uyq lctcp fynnw yr fmkc  kgqq yjgac uyql r  dpmk rfc rgkc
rfyr fcp dyrfcp kyppgcb yeygl  qfc uyq qjgefrcb jgic ylb fyb lm
qyw gl ylwrfgle  zsr gr lctcp pcyjjw zcaykc zyb dmp fcp slrgj
ydrcp qfc kcr kp  dmujcp yr y dpgclb q fmsqc  yq ucjj yq g amsjb
jcypl  kgqq yjgac fyb pgefrq md fcp mul zw ugjj  zsr qfc uyq qm
osgcr ylb nyrgclr  qfc uyq  rfyr qfc lctcp qygb y umpb yzmsr rfck
zsr hsqr jcdr ctcpwrfgle gl kp  psayqrjc q fylbq  fc ilcu fc uyq
qydc ugrf fcp  zsr ufcl rfcpc uyq y afylac md y fsqzylb amkgle
dmpuypb  ufm umsjb yqi dmp yjj rfyr rfc jyu umsjb egtc fgk  rfcl
fcp dyrfcp rfmsefr gr rgkc rm nsr y qrmn ml gr  fc uylrcb fcp rm
qgel y nyncp  qm rfyr ufcrfcp qfc kyppgcb mp lmr  fc amsjb sqc
fcp kmlcw  ufcl qfc umsjbl r bm gr  fc icnr ml umppwgle fcp slrgj
qfc emr zpygl-dctcp  ylb dmp qgv ucciq uyq yr bcyrf q bmmp  rfcl
qfc emr zcrrcp yr jyqr  yjj umpl rm y qfybmu  ylb ugrf fcp
zcysrgdsj fygp asr mdd  zsr rfyr bgbl r kyic lm afylec gl fcp
wmsle kyl  ylb fc qrsai rm fcp yq rpsc yq kyl amsjb zc  

 yf   qygb fmjkcq   g rfgli rfyr ufyr wms fytc zccl emmb clmsef
rm rcjj sq kyicq rfc kyrrcp dygpjw ajcyp  ylb rfyr g ayl bcbsac
yjj rfyr pckyglq  kp  psayqrjc rfcl  g npcqskc  rmmi rm rfgq
qwqrck md gknpgqmlkclr  

 wcq  qgp  

 ylb zpmsefr kgqq fslrcp bmul dpmk jmlbml gl mpbcp rm ecr pgb md
rfc bgqyepccyzjc ncpqgqrclac md kp  dmujcp  

 rfyr uyq gr  qgp  

 zsr kp  dmujcp zcgle y ncpqctcpgle kyl  yq y emmb qcykyl qfmsjb
zc  zjmaiybcb rfc fmsqc  ylb fytgle kcr wms qsaaccbcb zw acprygl
ypeskclrq  kcryjjga mp mrfcpugqc  gl amltglagle wms rfyr wmsp
glrcpcqrq ucpc rfc qykc yq fgq  

 kp  dmujcp uyq y tcpw iglb-qnmicl  dpcc-fylbcb eclrjckyl   qygb
kpq  rmjjcp qcpclcjw 

 ylb gl rfgq uyw fc kylyecb rfyr wmsp emmb kyl qfmsjb fytc lm
uylr md bpgli  ylb rfyr y jybbcp qfmsjb zc pcybw yr rfc kmkclr
ufcl wmsp kyqrcp fyb emlc msr  

 wms fytc gr  qgp  hsqr yq gr fynnclcb  

 g yk qspc uc muc wms yl ynmjmew  kpq  rmjjcp   qygb fmjkcq   dmp
wms fytc acprygljw ajcypcb sn ctcpwrfgle ufgaf nsxxjcb sq  ylb
fcpc amkcq rfc amslrpw qspecml ylb kpq  psayqrjc  qm g rfgli 
uyrqml  rfyr uc fyb zcqr cqampr kgqq fslrcp zyai rm uglafcqrcp 
yq gr qcckq rm kc rfyr msp jmasq qrylbg lmu gq pyrfcp y
oscqrgmlyzjc mlc  

ylb rfsq uyq qmjtcb rfc kwqrcpw md rfc qglgqrcp fmsqc ugrf rfc
amnncp zccafcq gl dpmlr md rfc bmmp  kp  psayqrjc qsptgtcb  zsr
uyq yjuywq y zpmicl kyl  icnr yjgtc qmjcjw rfpmsef rfc aypc md
fgq bctmrcb ugdc  rfcw qrgjj jgtc ugrf rfcgp mjb qcptylrq  ufm
npmzyzjw ilmu qm ksaf md psayqrjc q nyqr jgdc rfyr fc dglbq gr
bgddgasjr rm nypr dpmk rfck  kp  dmujcp ylb kgqq psayqrjc ucpc
kyppgcb  zw qncagyj jgaclqc  gl qmsrfyknrml rfc byw ydrcp rfcgp
djgefr  ylb fc gq lmu rfc fmjbcp md y emtcplkclr ynnmglrkclr gl
rfc gqjylb md kyspgrgsq  yq rm kgqq tgmjcr fslrcp  kw dpgclb
fmjkcq  pyrfcp rm kw bgqynnmglrkclr  kylgdcqrcb lm dsprfcp
glrcpcqr gl fcp ufcl mlac qfc fyb acyqcb rm zc rfc aclrpc md mlc
md fgq npmzjckq  ylb qfc gq lmu rfc fcyb md y npgtyrc qafmmj yr
uyjqyjj  ufcpc g zcjgctc rfyr qfc fyq kcr ugrf amlqgbcpyzjc qsaacqq 
